clinically stable patients who underwent des implantation 12 months previously and received aspirin monotherapy were randomly assigned to receive either high-intensity (40mg atorvastatin, n = 1000) or low-intensity (20mg pravastatin, n = 1000) statin treatment. the primary endpoint was adverse clinical events at 12-month follow-up (a composite of all death, myocardial infarction, revascularization, stent thrombosis, stroke, renal deterioration, intervention for peripheral artery disease, and admission for cardiac events).

the primary endpoint at 12-month follow-up occurred in 25 patients (2.5%) receiving high-intensity statin treatment and in 40 patients (4.1%) receiving low-intensity statin treatment (hr, 0.58; 95%ci, 0.36-0.92; p = .018). this difference was mainly driven by a lower rate of cardiac death (0 vs 0.4%, p = .025) and nontarget vessel myocardial infarction (0.1 vs 0.7%, p = .033) in the high-intensity statin treatment group.

patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (hefh) have been reported to be less vulnerable to type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm), although the mechanism is unknown. the aims of the present study were to assess the effects of low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol concentration and the presence of fh-causing mutations on t2dm prevalence in hefh. data were collected from the dyslipidemia registry of the spanish arteriosclerosis society. inclusion criteria were definite or probable hefh in patients aged ≥18 years. t2dm prevalence in hefh patients was compared with data of the general population. 1732 patients were included. the prevalence of t2dm was lower in patients with hefh compared with the general population (5.94% vs 9.44%; or: 0.606, 95% ci 0.486-0.755, p < 0.001). risk factors for developing t2dm were male sex, age, body mass index, hypertension, baseline triglyceride levels and years on statin therapy. the prevalence of t2dm in hefh patients was 40% lower than that observed in the general population. gene mutations and ldl cholesterol concentrations were not risk factors associated with the prevalence of t2dm in patients with hefh. the prevalence of t2dm in patients with hefh was 40% lower than in the general population matched for age and sex.

current guidelines on the treatment of blood cholesterol recommend continuous maintenance of high-intensity statin treatment in drug-eluting stent (des)-treated patients. however, high-intensity statin treatment is frequently underused in clinical practice after stabilization of des-treated patients. currently, the impact of continuous high-intensity statin treatment on the incidence of late adverse events in these patients is unknown. we investigated whether high-intensity statin treatment reduces late adverse events in clinically stable patients on aspirin monotherapy 12 months after des implantation.

use of statin therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm) has been recommended by most clinical guidelines. cardiovascular disease (cvd) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality among t2dm patients. it has been proved that statins are effective for primary or secondary cvd prophylaxis. reports have highlighted the underutilization of statins in clinical practice and the suboptimal adherence to guideline recommendations. this review article points to summarize the current evidence confirming the role of statins in t2dm patients and to provide an overview of factors that may affect statins' prescribing patterns and compliance in clinical practice. initiatives to enhance statin therapy prescribing should recognize the comprehensive nature of the prescribing process. attempts to assure proper statin prescribing and utilization can help in achieving better clinical outcomes of statin therapy.

the sample of our study consisted of participants from the population-based cohort of the epidemiology of cardiovascular risk factors and diseases in regions of the russian federation study (esse-rf), conducted in the tyumen and kemerovo regions (1,630 and 1,622 people, respectively, aged 25-64). all participants who had ldl-cholesterol higher than 4.9 mmol/l and who had ldl-cholesterol less than or equal to 4.9 mmol/l but had statin therapy were examined and interviewed by experts in fh.

the prevalence of patients with definite fh was 0.24% (one in 407) (95% confidence interval [ci]: 0.06%-0.42%), with probable fh was 0.68% (one in 148) (95% ci: 0.38%-0.98%), and with definite or probable fh combined was 0.92% (one in 108) (95% ci: 0.58%-1.26%). 40% (95% ci: 20.8%-59.2%) of patients with definite or probable fh had cad. however, only 23% (95% ci: 6.3%-39.7%) of patients with definite or probable fh were on statins. the odds ratios for cad and myocardial infarction (mi), adjusted for age, gender, region, smoking, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus, were 3.71 (95% ci: 1.58-8.72) (p = 0.003) and 4.06 (95% ci: 0.89-18.55) (р = 0.070) respectively for individuals with definite or probable fh relative to those who were unlikely to have fh.

comparada à diretriz norte-americana, a v diretriz brasileira considera uma proporção substancialmente maior da população como elegível para estatina em prevenção primária. isso se relaciona com discrepâncias entre o risco estratificado pela diretriz brasileira e o calculado pelas pce, particularmente devido à reclassificação de risco baseada em fatores agravantes.

potential association between prior statin use and chronic osteomyelitis is examined.

among clinically stable des-treated patients on aspirin monotherapy, high-intensity statin treatment significantly reduced late adverse events compared with low-intensity statin treatment.

of the 1090 patients, 140 (13%) had hefh by clinical diagnostic criteria and/or cvd with ldlc >100 mg/dl despite ≥2 months on mtdllt, meeting fda insurance criteria for ali or evo therapy. another 51 (5%) patients were statin intolerant, without hefh or cvd.

proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors, praluent (alirocumab [ali]) and repatha (evolocumab [evo]) have been approved as adjuncts to the standard-of-care maximal-tolerated dose (mtd) of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldlc)-lowering therapy (llt), statin therapy, in heterozygous (hefh) (ali or evo) or homozygous (evo) familial hypercholesterolemia, or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (cvd) where ldlc lowering is insufficient (both). since ldlc lowering has been revolutionized by ali and evo, specialty pharmaceutical pricing models will be applied to a mass market.

of the 69 patients, 25 had hefh, 25 cvd, and 19 had both. at entry, 23 (33%) took statins and 46 (67%) were statin-intolerant. mean ± sd and median follow-up were 49 ± 13 and 49 weeks on ali 75 mg, and 37 ± 12 and 33 weeks on ali-evo. in the ali-evo group (n = 40), median ldlc fell from 165 mg/dl at entry to 70 mg/dl (median - 59%, p < .0001). aha 10-year calculated cvd risk fell from 10.2 to 5.5% (median - 28%, p < .0001), and by the nih calculator from 14.2 to 3.6% (median - 78%, p < .0001). in the ali 75 mg group (n = 29), entry ldlc fell from 115 to 68 mg/dl (median - 39%, p < .0001). aha 10-year calculated cvd risk fell from 11.5 to 7.3% (median - 20%, p = .004), and nih 10-year risk from 12.9 to 5.1% (median 67%, p < .0001). absolute and percent change in ldlc was independent of statin use. there were flu-like symptoms in 14% of patients. adverse events did not differ (p > 0.05) between ali 75 mg and ali-evo.

many patients discontinue statin treatment, often after having a possible adverse reaction. the risks and benefits of continued statin therapy after an adverse reaction are not known.

red yeast rice (ryr) is a dietary supplement obtained from rice fermented with the mould monascus purpureus. it contains monacolin k which is a hypocholesterolemic statin used to prevent cardiovascular diseases. the homologous prescription biosynthetic statin, lovastatin, is not chemically distinguishable from monacolin k. in this work we investigated whether δ(13)c and δ(2)h can distinguish monacolin k from lovastatin and can detect the presence of lovastatin in ryr. 18 samples of red yeast rice powder and 18 samples of lovastatin were collected. monacolin k was isolated from ryr using preparative hplc and together with lovastatin, was subjected to analysis of δ(13)c and δ(2)h using isotope ratio mass spectrometry. thanks to the different photosynthetic cycles of the matrices used for their synthesis, monacolin k and lovastatin have different δ(13)c values (-29.6‰ ± 0.6 and -16.7‰ ± 2.6 respectively). δ(2)h is significantly (p < 0.001) lower in monacolin k but the ranges of values partially overlap with those of lovastatin. by defining a δ(13)c threshold value of -28.3‰ for monacolin k, addition of lovastatin from a minimum of 10% can be identified. δ(13)c analysis can be therefore proposed as a suitable tool for detecting the authenticity of ryr on the market.

ischemic postconditioning (ipc) reduces ischemia/reperfusion (i/r) injury under normal conditions. hmg-coa reductase inhibitors (statins), which inhibit the synthesis of mevalonate, can interfere with the cardioprotective effect of ipc. however, the beneficial role of ipc in hyperlipidemic patients, post-acute administration of statins remains unknown. this study was to determine if acute administration of atorvastatin affect the infarct size-limiting effect of ipc in hyperlipidemic rats.

objective: to investigate the relationship between apob/a1 ratio and the characteristics of tissue components of their left main coronary artery(lmca)plaque. methods: a total of 98 patients with stable angina pectoris who received chronic statin treatment underwentpercutaneous coronary intervention in the people's hospital of henan province from june 2010 to june 2016 were included.we prospectively performed intravascular ultrasound virtualhistology (ivus-vh) to their lmca and evaluated the tissue characteristics, and the blood level of total cholesterol (tc) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol(ldl-c), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol(hdl-c), triglyceride(tg), ldl-c/hdl-c ratio, apob, apoa1, apob/a1 ratio were measured, then the association of the tissue characteristics with the aboved lipids values were analyzed. results: according to the median value of their apob/a1ratios (0.80), they were divided into 2 groups [high apob/a1 ratio (>0.80) (n=49) and low apob/a1 ratio (≤0.80) (n=49)]. the patients with a high apob/a1 ratio had alarger fibrolipid volume and a smaller fibrous volume compared to patients with a low apob/a1 ratio ( 17.5%±1.2% vs 9.0%±1.0%, p=0.03 and 55.1%±2.1% vs 63.9%±1.8%, p<0.01). using multivariate linear regression analysis after adjustment for the above-mentioned confounding factors, the apob/a1 ratio had a significantly positive correlation with fibrolipid volume (r=0.445, β=0.29, p=0.010)and had a negative correlation with fibrous volume (r=-0.567, β=-0.32, p=0.011), suggesting that the apob/a1 ratio was associated with the vulnerability of the lmca plaque. conclusion: for the patients with stable angina pectoris and chronic treatment of statins, a high apob/a1 ratio is associated with a high percentage of fibrolipid volume and a low percentage of fibrous volume in lmca lesions, suggesting that the apob/a1 ratios could predict the vulnerability of the lmca plaque.

objective: to evaluate the efficacy of oral nattokinase (nk) in the reduction of common carotid artery intimal medial thickness (cca-imt) and carotid artery plaque size and in lowering blood lipids, and to explore the underlying mechanism of actions of nk and its potential clinical use. methods: all enrolled patients were from the out-patient clinic of the department of tcm at the 3(rd) affiliated hospital of sun yat-sen university. using randomised picking method, all patients were randomly assigned to one of two groups, nk and statin (st) group. nk group-patients were given nk at a daily dose of 6 000 fu and st group-patients were treated with statin (simvastatin 20 mg) daily. the treatment course was 26 weeks. cca-imt, carotid plaque size and blood lipid profile of the patients were measured before and after treatment. results: a total of 82 patients were enrolled in the study and 76 patients (nk 39, st 37) completed the study. following the treatments for 26 weeks, there was a significant reduction in cca-imt and carotid plaque size in both groups compared with the baseline before treatment. the carotid plaque size and cca-imt reduced from(0.25±0.12)cm(2) to (0.16±0.10)cm(2) and from (1.13±0.12)mm to (1.01±0.11)mm, repectively. the reduction in the nk group was significantly profound (p<0.01, 36.6% reduction in plaque size in nk group versus 11.5% change in st group). both treatments reduced total cholesterol (tc), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) and triglyceride (tg). while the reduction in both groups was shown to be statistically significant (p<0.01), the reduction of tc, ldl-c and tg in st group was significantly greater (p<0.05). in addition, nk significantly increased the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl-c) (p<0.05), in contrast, hdl-c in the st group did not change. the lipid lowering effect observed in the nk group was not correlated to the reduction of cca-imt and carotid artery plaque size (r=0.35, p=0.09). conclusions: our findings from this pioneer clinical study suggests that daily nk supplementation is an effective way to manage the progression of atherosclerosis and potentially may be a better alternative to statins which are commonly used to reduce atherosclerosis and further to prevent cardiovascular attack and stroke in patients. the mechanism underlying the reduction of carotid atherosclerosis by nk may be independent from its lipid-lowering effect, which is different from that of statins.

the purpose of this study was to describe the clinical outcome of patients diagnosed with sepsis in a university-affiliated hospital in central argentina and to evaluate it in relation to a group of septic patients with previous use of statins before the onset of sepsis.

the present study was conducted as an observational retrospective research from april 2010 to december 2014 with patients over 18 years of age which were assigned to statins or control groups. out of 2906 patients, 231 matched study and diagnostic criteria for sepsis and among them 33 (14.3%) belonged to the group of statins. the mean age was 64.2 ± 14.3 years.

the severity of sepsis on admission was as follows: sepsis, n=147 (63.6%), severe sepsis, n=26 (11.3%) and septic shock, n=58 (25.1%). the mean length of stay in intensive care unit (icu) was10.8 ± 9.6 days and 21.2 ± 17 days in general hospital ward settings, without differences between groups of statin users and controls, p=0.873 and p=0.766, respectively. the in-hospital mortality rate was 31.2% (n=72). previous statin use did not affect in-hospital or 30-day mortality (or 0.978; 95% ci 0.339 to 2.274; p=0.789). creatinine levels on days 3 and 14 were substantially higher in statins group (1.80 ±1.39 vs. 1.45 ± 1.47 mg/dl) (p=0.010) and (1.42 ± 1.14 vs. 1.09 ± 1.05 mg/dl) (p=0.009), respectively.

prior use of statins did not reduce in-hospital or 30-day mortality in septic patients and it may be associated with impaired renal function in this group of argentinian participants.

the study determined the effect of thymoquinone rich fraction (tqrf) and thymoquinone (tq) in the forms of nano- and conventional emulsions on learning and memory, lipid peroxidation, total antioxidant status, antioxidants genes expression and soluble β-amyloid (aβ) levels in rats fed with a high fat-cholesterol diet (hfcd). the tqrf was extracted from nigella sativa seeds using a supercritical fluid extraction system and prepared into nanoemulsion, which later named as tqrf nanoemulsion (tqrfne). meanwhile, tq was acquired commercially and prepared into thymoquinone nanoemulsion (tqne). the tqrf and tq conventional emulsions (ce), named as tqrfce and tqce, respectively were studied for comparison. statin (simvastatin) and non-statin (probucol) cholesterol-lowering agents, and a mild-to-severe alzheimer's disease drug (donepezil) were served as control drugs. the sprague dawley rats were fed with hfcd for 6 months, and treated with the intervention groups via oral gavage daily for the last 3 months. as a result, hfcd-fed rats exhibited hypercholesterolaemia, accompanied by memory deficit, increment of lipid peroxidation and soluble aβ levels, decrement of total antioxidant status and down-regulation of antioxidants genes expression levels. tqrfne demonstrated comparable effects to the other intervention groups and control drugs in serum biomarkers as well as in the learning and memory test. somehow, tqrfne was more prominent than those intervention groups and control drugs in brain biomarkers concomitant to gene and protein expression levels. supplementation of tqrfne into an hfcd thus could ameliorate memory deficit, lipid peroxidation and soluble aβ levels as well as improving the total antioxidant status and antioxidants genes expression levels.

in addition to their lipid-lowering abilities, statins have anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. increasing recent evidence suggests the possible role of pretreatment with statins in preventing or decreasing morbidity and mortality from infection. diabetic foot infection (dfi) is a common complication of diabetes mellitus. the aim of this study was to determine whether previous atorvastatin use is associated with reduced risk of dfi and better outcomes of these infections.

one hundred ten adult patients admitted with a diagnosis of dfi were enrolled in the experimental group. for the control group, 123 adult patients with diabetes mellitus in an outpatient setting and without a history of dfis were accepted. participants in both groups were classified as statin users or non-statin users depending on history of atorvastatin treatment. for all individuals, the demographic, clinical, and laboratory findings were registered.

the aim of this study was to evaluate whether growth differentiation factor-15 (gdf-15) plasma concentration at the time of percutaneous coronary intervention (pci) might help identify those patients with acute coronary syndrome (acs), who benefit most from high-dose statin treatment. two hundred eighty-four consecutive patients, who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (pci) for acs, were included in a prospective registry. the combined end point at 3 months after pci consisted of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and unstable angina. patients were divided into those with elevated levels of gdf-15 and those with lower levels in relation to the median plasma concentration. results were compared between patients receiving high-dose, highly efficient statins and patients receiving low-dose statins or no statins. the median gdf-15 plasma concentration was 3.31 ng/ml. one hundred six patients (74.6%) of the high gdf-15 group and 122 patients (85.9%) of the low gdf-15 group received high-dose statins. the combined end point was statistically lower in patients with high levels of gdf-15 treated with high-dose statins compared with patients treated with low-dose statins or without statin treatment (3.8% vs 22.2%, hazard ratio [hr] = 0.156; 95% confidence interval [ci], 0.047 to 0.519; p = 0.002). after propensity score adjustment, the results remained significant (adjusted hr for high-dose statins = 0.148; 95% ci, 0.045 to 0.494; p = 0.002). in contrast, in patients with lower levels of gdf-15, there was no significant reduction in combined end point rates associated with high-dose statin treatment (1.6% vs 5.0%, hr = 0.320; 95% ci 0.029 to 3.534; p = 0.353). in conclusion, increased gdf-15 plasma concentrations at the time of pci and stent implantation might classify high-risk patients with acs who benefit from high-dose, highly efficient statins.

in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ascvd), guidelines recommend optimizing statin treatment, and consensus pathways suggest use of ezetimibe and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (pcsk9) inhibitors in patients with persistently elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) levels despite use of statins. recent trials have provided evidence of benefit in reduction of cardiovascular events with these agents.

we performed proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy to quantify concentrations of ldl and vldl (very low-density lipoprotein) particle subclasses in 11 984 jupiter trial participants (nct00239681). adjusted cox models examined cardiovascular disease risk associated with lipoprotein measures according to treatment allocation. risk (adjusted hazard ratio [95%ci] per sd increment) among placebo-allocated participants was associated with total ldl particles (1.19 [1.02, 1.38]) and total vldl particles (1.21 [1.04, 1.41]), as well as apolipoprotein b, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides, but not ldl-c. rosuvastatin reduced ldl measures but had variable effects on triglyceride and vldl measures. on-statin levels of the smallest vldl particle subclass were associated with a 68% per-sd (adjusted hazard ratio 1.68 [1.28, 2.22]) increase in residual risk-this risk was related to vldl cholesterol and not triglyceride or larger vldl particles. there was evidence that residual risk prediction during statin therapy could be significantly improved through the inclusion of key vldl measures (harrell c-index 0.780 versus 0.712; p<0.0001). in an independent, prospective cohort of 4721 individuals referred for cardiac catheterization (cathgen), similar patterns of lipoprotein-related risk were observed.

the media plays a role in shaping opinions about medical decisions, for example, whether to initiate or stop treatment. an association between negative media attention and statin discontinuation has been demonstrated, but it may differ depending on the reason for prescription and whether the user is new (incident) or long term (prevalent).

the final sample consisted of 13,947 individuals (48 ± 6 years, 71% men). most individuals at intermediate or high risk based on the v brazilian guideline had a low risk calculated by the pce, and more than 70% of those who were considered at high risk had this categorization because of the presence of aggravating factors. among women, 24%, 17%, 4% and 2% were eligible for statin use according to the br-1, br-2, usa-1 and usa-2 criteria, respectively (p < 0.01). the respective figures for men were 75%, 58%, 31% and 17% (p < 0.01). eighty-five percent of women and 60% of men who were eligible for statin based on the br-1 criterion would not be candidates for statin based on the usa-1 criterion.

the aim of this study is to explore whether a danish newspaper article featuring the side effects of statins affects statin discontinuation in incident versus prevalent users, with the reason for prescription also taken into account.

the study relies on a quasi-experimental design and uses registry data on statin purchases to explore discontinuation and treatment duration. as a proxy for reason for prescription, data on filled prescriptions and hospital diagnoses from a danish registry were used. we compared statin discontinuation in all statin users in denmark in 2007 before the media event (n=343,438) and after it in 2008 (n=404,052).

compared to 2007, statin discontinuation among prevalent users in 2008 increased by 2.97 percentage points (pp). the change in discontinuation varied with the indication for statin use. those with myocardial infarction had the smallest increase (1.98 pp) and those with hypercholesterolemia or primary hypertension had the largest increase (3.54 pp). incident statin users had a higher level of discontinuation and a larger difference in discontinuation between 2007 and 2008. compared to 2007, more people (5.52 pp) discontinued statin treatment in 2008. again, those with myocardial infarction had the smallest decrease in statin discontinuation (1.49 pp), while those with a potential atherosclerotic condition (7.05 pp) and hypercholesterolemia or primary hypertension (6.10 pp) had the largest increase.

statin discontinuation increased in 2008 following a media event, but especially among individuals prescribed statins for primary prevention and among new statin users.

inhibition of pcsk9 is a novel therapeutic strategy aimed at reducing low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) and cardiovascular risk. evolocumab is a fully humanized monoclonal antibody that inhibits pcsk9, an enzyme that binds to ldl receptors and prevents them from recycling to the hepatocyte surface. clinical trials have demonstrated 50%-70% reductions in ldl-c with evolocumab when used in combination with statin therapy. the recent fourier trial demonstrated that evolocumab further reduces cardiovascular events, but not mortality, in high-risk patients already receiving statin therapy. furthermore, evolocumab did not affect neurocognitive function and was not associated with antidrug-antibody production in over 60,000 patient-years of drug exposure. appropriate candidates for evolocumab primarily are individuals at high cardiovascular risk, including those with familial hypercholesterolemia and/or established cardiovascular disease, who are already on statin therapy. at this time, the use of evolocumab monotherapy seems appropriate only for individuals deemed statin-intolerant despite attempting several statins. consideration must be given toward patient willingness to self-inject evolocumab and issues concerning third-party coverage, given the current costs of evolocumab.

vitamin d has been traditionally recognized as a vitamin quintessential for bone-mineral health. in the past 2 decades, numerous experimental and observational studies have highlighted the role of vitamin d in immunity, metabolic syndrome (obesity and diabetes), cancers, renal disease, memory, and neurological dysfunction. in this article, we review important studies that focused on the impact of vitamin d on blood pressure, myocardial infarction, peripheral arterial disease, heart failure, and statin intolerance. amidst the current pool of ambiguous evidence, we intend to discuss the role of vitamin d in "high-value cardiovascular health care".

we previously showed that intradermal injection of statins is a successful treatment for hypertrophic scarring. topical application has many advantages over intradermal injection. in this study, we demonstrate the efficacy of topical statin treatment in reducing scar in our validated rabbit ear scar model.

twenty new zealand white rabbits were divided into 2 study groups, with 6 rabbits receiving 10 μm pravastatin intradermally at postoperative days 15, 18, and 21, and 14 rabbits receiving 0.4%, 2%, and 10% simvastatin topical application at postoperative days 14-25. four or 6 full-thickness circular dermal punches 7 mm in diameter were made on the ventral surface of the ear down to but not including the perichondrium. specimens were collected at 28 days to evaluate the effects of statins on hypertrophic scarring.

treatment with pravastatin intradermal administration significantly reduced scarring in terms of scar elevation index. topical treatment with both medium- and high-dose simvastatin also significantly reduced scarring. high-dose simvastatin topical treatment showed a major effect in scar reduction but induced side effects of scaling, erythema, and epidermal hyperplasia, which were improved with coapplication of cholesterol. there is a dose response in scar reduction with low-, medium- and high-dose simvastatin topical treatment. high-dose simvastatin treatment significantly reduced the messenger ribonucleic acid (mrna) expression of connective tissue growth factor, consistent with our previously published work on intradermally injected statins. more directly, high-dose simvastatin treatment also significantly reduced the mrna expression of collagen 1a1.

topical simvastatin significantly reduces scar formation. the mechanism of efficacy for statin treatment through interference with connective tissue growth factor mrna expression was confirmed.

current statin use is associated with reduced concurrent diagnosis of chronic osteomyelitis, particularly for a cumulative statin use ≥ 12 months.

compared to control group, infarct size decreased more significantly in atorvastatin+ipc and atorvastatin+ipc+wortmannin groups than ipc or atorvastatin+ipc+pd98059 groups. phosphorylation of pi3k/akt was attenuated in atorvastatin + ipc+ wortmannin group, phosphorylation of p42 mapk/erk was increased in atorvastatin+ipc and atorvastatin+ipc+wortmannin groups.

cardiovascular disease (cvd) accounts for >17 million deaths globally every year, and this figure is predicted to rise to >23 million by 2030. numerous studies have explored the relationship between cholesterol and cvd and there is now consensus that dyslipidaemia is a causal factor in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. statins have become the cornerstone of the management of dyslipidaemia. statins have proved to have a very good safety profile. the risk of adverse events is small compared to the benefits. nevertheless, the potential risk of an adverse event occurring must be considered when prescribing and monitoring statin therapy to individual patients. statin-associated muscle disease (sams) is by far the most studied and the most common reason for discontinuation of therapy. the reported incidence varies greatly, ranging between 5% and 29%. milder disease is common and the more serious form, rhabdomyolysis is far rarer with an incidence of approximately 1 in 10,000. the pathophysiology of, and mechanisms leading to sams, are yet to be fully understood. literature points towards statin-induced mitochondrial dysfunction as the most likely cause of sams. however, the exact processes leading to mitochondrial dysfunction are not yet fully understood. this paper details some of the different aetiological hypotheses put forward, focussing particularly on those related to mitochondrial dysfunction.

neuroinflammation is a prominent component of several neurodegenerative diseases, including multiple sclerosis, alzheimer's disease, parkinson's disease, tauopathies, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and prion diseases. in such conditions, the ability to decrease neuroinflammation by drug therapy may influence disease progression. statins have been used to treat hyperlipidemia as well as reduce neuroinflammation and oxidative stress in various tissues. in previous studies, treatment of scrapie-infected mice with the type 1 statins, simvastatin or pravastatin, showed a small beneficial effect on survival time. in the current study, to increase the effectiveness of statin therapy, we treated infected mice with atorvastatin, a type 2 statin that has improved pharmacokinetics over many type 1 statins. treatments with either simvastatin or pravastatin were tested for comparison. we evaluated scrapie-infected mice for protease-resistant prp (prpres) accumulation, gliosis, neuroinflammation and time until advanced clinical disease requiring euthanasia. all three statin treatments reduced total serum cholesterol ≥40 % in mice. however, gliosis and prpres deposition were similar in statin-treated and untreated infected mice. time to euthanasia due to advanced clinical signs was not changed in statin-treated mice relative to untreated mice, a finding at odds with previous reports. expression of 84 inflammatory genes involved in neuroinflammation was also quantitated. seven genes were reduced by pravastatin, and one gene was reduced by atorvastatin. in contrast, simvastatin therapy did not reduce any of the tested genes, but did slightly increase the expression of ccl2 and cxcl13. our studies indicate that none of the three statins tested were effective in reducing scrapie-induced neuroinflammation or neuropathogenesis.

under the 2014 nice guidelines, 11.8 million (37%) adults in england aged 30-84 years, including almost all males >60 years in all females >75 years, require statin therapy.

even with optimal risk factor levels, males of different ethnicities would exceed the 10% risk threshold between the ages of 60 and 70 years, and females would exceed the threshold between 65 and 75 years. under the nice guidelines, 11.8 million males and females (37% of the adults aged 30-84 years) would require statin therapy, most of them (9.8 million) for primary prevention. when analysed by age, 95% of males and 66% of females without cvd in ages 60-74 years, including all males and females in ages 75-84 years, would require statin therapy.

drug-drug interactions and intolerance to statin therapy were not considered when we evaluated adherence among high-risk patients.

approximately one-third of patients received statin therapy at an inappropriate intensity according to the guideline recommendation. wide application of the 2013 acc/aha cholesterol guidelines in our practice would optimize the utilization of statin therapy at the ideal intensity in high-risk patients.

to determine risk factor levels required to exceed the risk threshold for statin therapy, and to estimate the number of adults in england who would require statin therapy under the guidelines.

the 2014 guidelines on cardiovascular risk assessment and lipid modification from the national institute for health and care excellence (nice) recommend statin therapy for adults with prevalent cardiovascular disease (cvd), and for adults with a 10-year cvd risk of ≥10%, estimated using the qrisk2 algorithm.

as compared to the north american guideline, the v brazilian guideline considers a substantially higher proportion of the population as eligible for statin use in primary prevention. this results from discrepancies between the risk stratified by the brazilian guideline and that calculated by the pce, particularly because of the risk reclassification based on aggravating factors.

recent meta-analyses suggest that pre-diagnostic statin use is associated with reduced breast cancer-specific mortality. studies have shown that high breast tumour expression of the statin target (3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme-a reductase) is associated with lymph-node negative cancer. therefore, we examined the association between pre-diagnostic statin use and; lymph node status, breast cancer-specific and all-cause mortality.

we enrolled statin-naïve subjects with cad (n = 31) who underwent coronary artery bypass surgery and control subjects (n = 116) who were free from cad as evaluated by coronary ct angiography. the presence of diabetes mellitus was evaluated and plasma sortilin levels were measured with a commercial elisa kit.

venous thromboembolism (vte) is an important cause of preventable morbidity and mortality. though anticoagulants are effective in preventing vte, they are associated with major bleeding risk. the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme a reductase inhibitors (known as statins), are well established for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease via their lipid-lowering properties. emerging evidence suggests that statins may play a role in the prevention of vte, but the evidence has been uncertain. areas covered: this review summarizes the available epidemiological and interventional evidence on the role of statins in vte prevention; the postulated biologic mechanisms involved; outlines areas of outstanding uncertainty; and the implications for clinical practice. expert commentary: the body of evidence indicates statins may also play a potential role in the primary and secondary prevention of vte. further evidence is however warranted. there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of statins to replace anticoagulants in vte prevention. however, guideline bodies should review the overall evidence and consider including statin therapy as an adjunct to anticoagulant therapy in vte prevention in specific patient populations. statin therapy instead of anticoagulants may be considered in patients who are not candidates for anticoagulant therapy and in some low vte risk patients.

cardiovascular disease (cvd) has a higher incidence in patients with hiv infection. this study sought to determine whether hiv-infected patients with established cvd were being managed according to national guidelines. data were collected from australian general practitioners for 77 hiv-infected patients with a median age of 59 (range 54-64). there was good adherence to guidelines with regards to anti-platelet (84%; n=65; 95% confidence interval (ci) 74-92%) and statin therapy (97%; n=75; 95% ci 91-100%), despite a failure to meet cholesterol targets, with only 31% (n=24; 95% ci 21-42%) of the cohort meeting low-density lipoprotein target values. similarly, there was limited adherence to guidelines regarding the prescriptions of medications for those with established hypertension (66%; n=51; 95% ci 55-77%), body mass index targets met (40%; n=31; 95% ci 29-52%), and depression screening (32%; n=25; 95% ci 22-44%). this australian audit provides insight into adherence to guidelines for individuals with cvd and hiv, suggesting that current screening and management practices for these patients falls short of guidelines, particularly in relation to cholesterol management.

the brazilian diabetes society, the brazilian society of cardiology, and the brazilian endocrinology and metabolism society gathered to form an expert panel including 28 cardiologists and endocrinologists to review the best available evidence and to draft up-to-date an evidence-based guideline with practical recommendations for risk stratification and prevention of cardiovascular disease in diabetes. the guideline includes 59 recommendations covering: (1) the impact of new anti-hyperglycemic drugs and new lipid lowering drugs on cardiovascular risk; (2) a guide to statin use, including new definitions of ldl-cholesterol and in non-hdl-cholesterol targets; (3) evaluation of silent myocardial ischemia and subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with diabetes; (4) hypertension treatment; and (5) the use of antiplatelet therapy.

drug discovery and development efforts are largely based around a common expectation, namely, direct or indirect action on a cellular process (e.g. statin-mediated enzyme inhibition or insulin-stimulated receptor activation) will have a beneficial impact on physiological homeostasis. to expand on this, one could argue that virtually all pharmacological interventions attempt to influence the flow of traffic in a biochemical network, irrespective of disease or modality. since stable isotope tracer kinetic methods provide a measure of traffic flow (i.e. metabolic flux), their inclusion in study designs can yield novel information regarding pathway biology; the application of such methods requires the integration of knowledge in physiology, analytical chemistry and mathematical modeling. herein, we review the fundamental concepts that surround the use of tracer kinetics, we define basic terms and outline guiding principles via theoretical and experimental problems. specifically, one needs to (i) recognize the types of biochemical events that change isotopic enrichments, (ii) appreciate the distinction between fractional turnover and flux rate and (iii) be aware of the subtle differences between tracer kinetics and pharmacokinetics. hopefully investigators can use the framework that is presented here to develop applications which address their specific questions surrounding biochemical flux and therein gain insight into the pathophysiology of disease states and examine pharmacodynamic mechanisms.

coronary artery calcium may be an alternative marker besides age to better discriminate between lower and higher chd risk in older adults. whether cac score can assist in guiding the decision to initiate statin treatment for primary prevention in older adults requires further investigation.

the findings of this study suggest that a relationship between statin dose and aki may not exist independent of serious muscle injury.

during the median follow-up of 7.5 yr postdiagnosis 617 men died of prostate cancer. statin use after diagnosis was associated with a decreased risk of prostate cancer death (hr 0.80; 95% confidence interval 0.65-0.98). a decreasing risk trend was observed by increasing intensity of usage (doses/year). the risk decrease was clearest in men managed with androgen deprivation therapy. prediagnostic statin use was not associated with risk of prostate cancer death (hr 0.92; 95% confidence interval 0.75-1.12).

decreased risk of prostate cancer death by statin use after diagnosis suggests that statins may delay or prevent prostate cancer progression. the risk decrease was significant only in men managed with androgen deprivation therapy, but statistical power was limited to estimate the association in men managed with surgery or radiotherapy.

statin use before and after prostate cancer diagnosis compared with nonuse.

hazard ratios (hrs) for the risk of prostate cancer death by amount, duration, and intensity of statin use. cox proportional hazards regression with postdiagnostic statin use as a time-dependent variable.

a total of 334,710 people aged ≥ 18 years without a history of renal disease (cohort 1) and 5,437 with non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease (cohort 2) who initiated simvastatin therapy between 1 january 2006 and 31 december 2013 were identified using national pharmaceutical dispensing and hospital discharge data. patients who developed aki without concurrent serious muscle injury during follow-up (cases) were ascertained using hospital discharge and mortality data (n = 931 from cohort 1, n = 160 from cohort 2). up to 10 controls per case, matched by date of birth, sex, and cohort entry date were randomly selected from the relevant cohort using risk set sampling.

relative to current use of 20mg simvastatin daily, the adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (95% ci) in cohort 1 for current use of 40mg and 80mg were 0.9 (95% ci 0.7-1.2) and 1.3 (95% ci 0.7-2.3), respectively. the adjusted odds ratio for 40mg in cohort 2 was 1.1 (95% ci 0.7-1.9); the numbers taking 80mg were very small and the confidence interval was correspondingly wide.

use of statins after prostate cancer diagnosis was associated with a decreased risk of prostate cancer death. the risk decrease was dose-dependent and observed especially among patients treated with hormone therapy.

inconsistent findings from four observational studies suggest that the risk of acute kidney injury (aki) may increase with increasing statin dose or potency, but none of the studies took statin-related severe muscle injury, including rhabdomyolysis, into account. we undertook a nationwide nested case-control study in new zealand to examine the risk of aki without concurrent serious muscle injury according to simvastatin dose in two cohorts: people without a history of renal disease and people with non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease.

familial hypercholesterolemia (fh) is associated with premature atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ascvd). the introduction of potent therapeutic agents underlies the importance of improving clinical diagnosis and treatment gaps in fh.methods and results:a regional database of 1,690 adult patients with high-probability fh based on age-dependent peak-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) cut-offs and exclusion of secondary causes of severe hypercholesterolemia, was examined to explore the clinical manifestations and current needs in the management of ascvd, which was present in 248 patients (15%), of whom 83% had coronary artery disease (cad); 19%, stroke; and 13%, peripheral artery disease. ascvd was associated with male gender, higher peak ldl-c, lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl-c), and traditional risk factor burden. despite high-intensity statin (prescribed in 83% and combined with ezetimibe in 42%), attainment of ldl-c treatment goals was low, and associated with treatment intensity and drug adherence. multivessel cad (adjusted hazard ratios (hr), 3.05; 95% ci: 1.65-5.64), myocardial infarction, and the presence of ≥1 traditional risk factor (hr, 2.59; 95% ci: 1.42-4.71), were associated with repeat coronary revascularizations, in contrast with peak ldl-c >300 mg/dl (hr, 1.13; 95% ci: 0.66-1.91).

one hundred subjects with dyslipidemia and without statin treatment were enrolled and assigned to exercise and control groups. in the exercise group, at least 30 min of moderate aerobic exercise per day 5 times weekly was recommended. in the control group, participants were recommended to undertake exercise of the same intensity as the exercise group but not mandatorily. at baseline and 3 months later, between-group differences were compared.

in healthy individuals in primary prevention: to assess the relationship between cardiovascular risk categorized according to the v brazilian guideline on dyslipidemia and the risk calculated by the pooled cohort equations (pce); to compare the proportion of individuals eligible for statins, according to different criteria.

this was a mixed design, 8-yr retrospective study that included 8185 participants with isolated hypercholesterolemia, of which 1458 (17.81%) were prescribed statin monotherapy.

extensive reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (also reactive species) production is a mechanism involved in abdominal aortic aneurysm (aaa) development. white blood cells (wbcs) are a known source of reactive species. their production may be decreased by statins, thereby reducing the aaa growth rate. reactive species production in circulating wbcs of aaa patients and the effect of statins on their production was investigated.

in individuals aged 40-75 years consecutively submitted to routine health assessment at one single center, four criteria of eligibility for statin were defined: br-1, br-2 (ldl-c above or at least 30 mg/dl above the goal recommended by the brazilian guideline, respectively), usa-1 and usa-2 (10-year risk estimated by the pce ≥ 5.0% or ≥ 7.5%, respectively).

the association between use of statins and risk of falls could not be determined with the available evidence, although an association with the involvement of some determinants of muscular function was found.

purpose cancer and cardiovascular disease share risk factors, and there is some evidence that statins reduce cancer mortality. we sought to determine the accuracy of the 2013 american college of cardiology/american heart association statin eligibility criteria to identify individuals at a higher risk of developing cancer or of dying as a result of cancer or other noncardiovascular causes. methods we included 2,196 participants (50.5 ± 8.1 years of age; 55% female) who were statin naïve and free of cancer at baseline from the offspring and third-generation cohorts of the community-based longitudinal framingham heart study. statin eligibility was determined per american college of cardiology/american heart association guidelines, and subclinical coronary atherosclerosis was assessed by computed tomography. the primary outcome was incident cancer at a median of 10.0 years (interquartile range, 9.1-10.6 years) of follow-up, and secondary outcomes were cancer mortality and noncardiovascular mortality. results the incident cancer rate was 11.2% (247 of 2,196), with 58 noncardiovascular deaths, including 39 cancer deaths (1.8%). overall, 37% (812 of 2,196) were statin eligible. incident cancer occurred in 125 (15%) of the 812 statin-eligible participants versus 122 (8.8%) of the 1,384 of noneligible participants (subdistribution hazard ratio [sdhr], 1.8 [1.4 to 2.3]; p < .001). cancer mortality occurred in 34 (4.2%) of the 812 statin-eligible participants versus five (0.4%) of the 1,384 noneligible participants (sdhr, 12.1 [4.7 to 31]; p < .001). noncardiovascular mortality occurred in 49 (6.0%) of the 812 statin-eligible participants versus nine (0.7%) of the 1,384 noneligible participants (sdhr, 10.1 [5.0 to 21]; p < .001). in stratified analyses, these findings were independent of any individual causative risk factor such as body mass index, age, or smoking status. conclusion in this community-based primary prevention cohort, guideline-based statin eligibility accurately identified patients at a higher risk of developing cancer and cancer-related mortality. shared risk profiles and potential benefits of statins between cancer and cardiovascular outcomes may provide a unique opportunity to improve population health.

a cross-sectional survey was conducted in rural and urban vellore, among 6196 participants (30-64 years), in 2010-2012. statin use among those with known chd and diabetes (on diabetic medication) was recorded. a randomly selected sample of rural diabetics was resurveyed in 2016 to reassess statin use.

features of high-risk coronary artery plaques prone to major adverse cardiac events (mace) were identified by intravascular ultrasound (ivus) virtual histology (vh). these plaque features are: thin-cap fibroatheroma (tcfa), plaque burden pb≥70%, or minimal luminal area mla≤4mm². identification of arterial locations likely to later develop such high-risk plaques may help prevent mace. we report a machine learning method for prediction of future high-risk coronary plaque locations and types in patients under statin therapy. sixty-one patients with stable angina on statin therapy underwent baseline and one-year follow-up vh-ivus non-culprit vessel examinations followed by quantitative image analysis. for each segmented and registered vh-ivus frame pair (n=6341), location-specific (≈0.5mm) vascular features and demographic information at baseline were identified. seven independent support vector machine (svm) classifiers with seven different feature subsets were trained to predict high-risk plaque types one year later. a leave-one-patient-out cross-validation was used to evaluate the prediction power of different feature subsets. the experimental results showed that our machine learning method predicted future tcfa with correctness of 85.9%, 81.7%, and 77.0% (g-mean) for baseline plaque phenotypes of tcfa, thick-cap fibroatheroma, and non-fibroatheroma, respectively. for predicting pb≥70%, correctness was 80.8% for baseline pb≥70% and 85.6% for 50%≤pb<70%. accuracy of predicted mla≤4mm² was 81.6% for baseline mla≤4mm² and 80.2% for 4mm²<mla≤6mm². location-specific prediction of future high-risk coronary artery plaques is feasible through machine learning using focal vascular features and demographic variables. our approach outperforms previously-reported results and shows the importance of local factors on high-risk coronary artery plaque development.

pre-clinical and retrospective studies of patients using statins to reduce plasma cholesterol have suggested that statins may be useful to treat cancer. however, prospective clinical trials have yet to demonstrate significant efficacy. we have previously shown that this is in part because a hydrophobic statin with a long half-life is necessary. pitavastatin, the only statin with this profile, has not undergone clinical evaluation in oncology. the target of pitavastatin, hydroxymethylglutarate coenzyme-a reductase (hmgcr), was found to be over-expressed in all ovarian cancer cell lines examined and upregulated by mutated tp53, a gene commonly altered in ovarian cancer. pitavastatin-induced apoptosis was blocked by geranylgeraniol and mevalonate, products of the hmgcr pathway, confirming that pitavastatin causes cell death through inhibition of hmgcr. solvent extracts of human and mouse food were also able to block pitavastatin-induced apoptosis, suggesting diet might influence the outcome of clinical trials. when nude mice were maintained on a diet lacking geranylgeraniol, oral pitavastatin caused regression of ovcar-4 tumour xenografts. however, when the animal diet was supplemented with geranylgeraniol, pitavastatin failed to prevent tumour growth. this suggests that a diet containing geranylgeraniol can limit the anti-tumour activity of pitavastatin and diet should be controlled in clinical trials of statins.

baseline patient demographics were well matched between treatment groups. prasugrel led to a significant improvement of fmd after 3months (9.01±3.64% vs. 6.65±3.24%, p=0.001). in contrast, no significant change was observed in the clopidogrel group (7.21±2.84% vs. 6.30±2.97%, p=0.187). adjusted for baseline fmd, hyperlipidemia and statin use, the treatment effect on change in fmd favoured prasugrel by an absolute 1.97% (95% ci 0.29% to 3.66%, p=0.023). a significant reduction of plasma hscrp, myeloperoxidase and neutrophil elastase and an increase of nitrate levels were noted in both treatment arms. interestingly, only prasugrel significantly reduced scd40 ligand and rantes and increased nitrite levels. prasugrel reduced the adp-stimulated increase in plas by 40% (ir: 82 to 13), whereas clopidogrel revealed no such effect (1% increase (ir: 13 to 50) (p=0.01).

islet cell transplantation can functionally cure type 1 diabetes, and also improve carotid-intima media thickness. this study provides a preliminary description of changes in coronary artery calcium following islet transplantation, and associated factors. coronary artery calcium was measured in 14 patients with type 1 diabetes (11 had measures both pre- and post-transplant [mean 2.3 years]) in the university of illinois at chicago's clinical trial. multivariable mixed-effects linear regression of repeated measures was used to quantify calcium change, and determine if this change was longitudinally associated with risk/protective factors. thirteen of the patients were female, with mean baseline age, diabetes duration, and bmi of 47.6 and 28.7 years and 23.1, respectively. over half (57%) had detectable coronary artery calcium pre-transplant. minimal change (0.39 mm(3) /year, p=0.02) occurred in coronary artery calcium levels pre- to post-transplant. no patient met criteria for calcium progression. coronary artery calcium was positively associated with total and small vldl particles (p≤0.02), statin dose (p=0.02), and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (p=0.04); and negatively associated with free fatty acids (p=0.03), total hdl (p=0.03), large hdl particles (p=0.005), and tacrolimus dose (p=0.02). islet transplant may stabilize coronary artery calcium, with optimal management of lipids and kidney function remaining key therapeutic targets. [nct00679041] this article is protected by copyright. all rights reserved.

the objective was to examine whether: (1) statin use was associated with muscle related outcomes at age 60-64, (2) these associations were modified by 25-hydroxyvitamin d (25(oh)d) status and explained by inflammation, body-size or lifestyle in a british birth cohort. markers of myalgia (intrusive body pain) and myopathy (self-reported and performance-based measures) were examined in 734 men and 822 women (mrc national survey of health and development). statin use was associated with intrusive body pain, difficulty climbing stairs and slower chair rise speed. some associations were modified by 25(oh)d e.g. the association with intrusive body pain was evident in the insufficient (13-20 ng/l) and deficient (<13 ng/l) 25(oh)d status groups (or = 2.6,95% ci 1.7-1.1; or = 1.8,95% ci 1.2-2.8, respectively) but not in those with status >20 ng/l (or = 0.8,95% ci 0.5-1.4) (p = 0.003 for interaction). associations were maintained in fully adjusted models of intrusive body pain and difficulty climbing stairs, but for chair rise speed they were fully accounted for by inflammation, body-size and lifestyle. in a nationally representative british population in early old age, statin use was associated with lower limb muscle-related outcomes, and some were only apparent in those with 25(oh)d status below 20 ng/l. given 25(oh)d is modifiable in clinical practice, future studies should consider the links between 25(oh)d status and muscle related outcomes.

a novel commercial software-as-a-service data-mining product supplied by sysomos from datasift/facebook was used to mine all mentions on facebook of statins and stain-related side effects in the us in the 1-month period 9 january 2017 through 8 february 2017.

a total of 4.3% of all 25,700 mentions of statins also mentioned typical stain-related side effects. multiple methodological weaknesses stymie interpretation of this percentage, which is however not inconsistent with estimates that 5-20% of patients taking statins will experience typical side effects at some time.

statins have pleiotropic effects that are considered beneficial in preventing cerebral vasospasm and delayed cerebral ischemia after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (asah). many studies using statins have been performed but failed to show remarkable effects. we hypothesized that a long-acting statin would be more effective, due to a longer half-life and stronger pleiotropic effects. patients with asah were randomly assigned to a pitavastatin group (4 mg daily; n = 54) and a placebo group ( n = 54) after repair of a ruptured aneurysm. the primary efficacy end point was vasospasm-related delayed ischemic neurological deficits (dind), and the secondary end points were cerebral vasospasm evaluated by digital subtraction angiography (dsa), vasospasm-related new cerebral infarctions, and outcome at three months. severe cerebral vasospasms on dsa were statistically fewer in the pitavastatin group than in the placebo group (14.8% vs. 33.3%; odds ratio, 0.32; 95% confidence interval, 0.11-0.87, p = 0.042); however, the occurrence of dind and new infarctions and outcome showed no statistically significant differences between the groups. the present study is the first to prove the definite, statin-induced amelioration of cerebral vasospasm on dsa. however, administration of any type of statin at the acute phase of asah is not recommended.

the article provides comments on 2016 american college of cardiology expert consensus decision pathway on the role of non-statin therapies for ldl-cholesterol lowering in the management of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk. the reasons for publishing this document are discussed, in particular appearance of results of conducted during last 3 years clinical trials of new highly effective non-statin medications. the article contains descriptions of indications, contraindications to the use of these agents as of their possible side effects. the preferred order of their administration in combination with statins in different categories of patients is also presented.

prior therapy with atorvastatin considerably reduces the onset of dfis. in addition to other effects, statins may be useful in preventing dfis.

atorvastatin was used in 49.1% of the experimental group cases and in 66.7% of the control, and it showed a statistically significant difference (p = .007). logistic regression analysis also showed that previous atorvastatin use significantly reduces the risk of dfi (odds ratio = 0.36; 95% confidence interval, 0.19-0.71; p = .003). severe dfi, bone involvement, and the need for surgical intervention was lower in the experimental group, but this difference was not statistically significant.

contrary to our initial hypothesis, there was a trend toward longer (rather than shorter) aa duration in statin users in the entire dfci cohort and in the enzalutamide- and docetaxel-naïve jhu patients. together, these results do not support the hypothesis that statins interfere with aa efficacy.

of the 224 dfci and 270 jhu patients included, the majority (96%) had metastatic disease. nearly half (41% and 45%) were statin users. in the dfci cohort, there was a trend toward longer aa duration in statin users: 14.2 versus 9.2 months (hr 0.79, 95%ci: 0.57-1.09, p = 0.14). there was no association between statin use and aa duration in the jhu cohort: 8.3 versus 8.0 months (hr 0.89, 95%ci: 0.69-1.16, p = 0.38) in the statin users versus non-users, except for a trend in patients that had not previously received docetaxel or enzalutamide (hr 0.79; 95%ci: 0.57-1.10).

we queried two institutional clinical databases (dana-farber cancer institute [dfci], johns hopkins university [jhu]) for crpc patients treated with aa. treatment duration was a surrogate for ttp. associations between statin use and aa duration were estimated using the kaplan-meier method. multivariable cox regression modeling adjusted for known prognostic factors.

statins compete with dheas for influx through the slco2b1 transporter, which may prolong time to progression (ttp) on androgen deprivation therapy. abiraterone acetate (aa) may also undergo slco-mediated transport. based on preclinical findings showing antagonism, we hypothesized that statins may compete with aa for influx via slco2b1 and could negatively impact drug efficacy.

this study assessed statin use among diabetics and those with coronary heart disease (chd) in vellore, tamil nadu.

this study evaluated the use of statin therapy in u.s. air force (usaf) aviators with isolated hypercholesterolemia in terms of compliance with clinical practice guidelines (cpgs) and effectiveness in reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) and coronary heart disease (chd) risk.

we performed a cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of 147 virally-suppressed plhiv, who had ldl < 130 mg/dl and evidence of heightened inflammation, in a randomized trial of statin therapy. a complete blood count and biomarkers of inflammation and immune activation/exhaustion were measured in peripheral blood at entry and after 24 and 48 weeks. associations with rdw were estimated using linear regression and linear mixed models.

in the study by ham et al., statin use was shown to be a protective factor for presence of falls. in the second study by scott et al., there was an increased risk of falls (p=.029) and an impairment in muscle strength and quality muscle (p=.033 and p=.046, respectively). in the third study haerer et al., found an increased risk of falls (p=.63).

experimental findings and previous observational data have suggested lower risk of osteoarthritis with statin use but results are inconsistent. large-scale studies with a clinically important outcome are needed. thus, we aimed to determine whether statin use is associated with a reduced risk of developing clinically-defined hip or knee osteoarthritis.

pooled analysis based on time-to-event analysis of four population-based large cohorts, encompassing in total 132 607 persons aged 57 to 91 years resident in southern and central sweden. we studied the association between statin use and time to consultation or surgery for osteoarthritis of the hip or knee by time-dependent exposure analysis and cox regression.

during 7.5 years of follow-up, we identified 7468 out- or inpatient treated cases of hip or knee osteoarthritis. compared with never use, current use of statins conferred no overall reduction in the risk of osteoarthritis with an adjusted pooled hr of 1.04 (95% ci 0.99 to 1.10). we found no dose-response relation between duration of current statin use and the risk of osteoarthritis, with similar hrs among patients with less than 1 year of use (hr 1.09; 95% ci 0.92 to 1.32) as in patients with use for 3 years or more (hr 1.05; 0.93 to 1.16). results were comparable in those with low, medium and high dose of current statin use, without indications of heterogeneity of study results.

statin use is not associated with reduced risk of consultation or surgery for osteoarthritis of the hip or knee.

more than 60 genetic risk variants predisposing to coronary artery disease (cad) have been confirmed. the genetic risk for cad is related to the number of genetic risk variants present and can be expressed as a genetic risk score (grs), by summing the product of the number of high-risk variants inherited by each individual times the log of the odds ratio. studies show risk stratification for cad, based on the grs, is more discriminatory than conventional risk factors and predicts the response to statin therapy. a prospective trial showed individuals with high grs had 91% greater risk of cardiac events, and individuals with a healthy lifestyle had 46% fewer cardiac events than an unfavorable lifestyle. grs remains the same throughout one's lifetime because your deoxyribonucleic acid does not change. grs, determined as early as birth from saliva, is inexpensive and could transform the prevention of cad in low- and middle-income countries.

residual atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ascvd) risk in statin-treated us adults without known ascvd is not well described.

to quantitate residual ascvd risk and its predictors in statin-treated adults.

we studied 1014 statin-treated adults (53.3% female, mean 66.0 years) free of clinical ascvd in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis. we examined ascvd event rates by national lipid association risk groups over 11-year follow-up and the relation of standard risk factors, biomarkers, and subclinical atherosclerosis measures with residual ascvd event risk.

overall, 5.3% of participants were at low, 12.2% at moderate, 60.3% at high, and 22.2% at very high baseline risk. despite statin therapy, age- and race-standardized ascvd rates per 1000 person-years for men and women were both 4.9 for low/moderate risk, 19.1 and 14.2 for high risk, and 35.6 and 26.7 for very high risk, respectively. specific independent predictors of residual risk included current smoking, family history, diabetes, high-sensitivity c-reactive protein, low-density lipoprotein particle number, carotid intimal medial thickness, and especially coronary artery calcium score. those on moderate- or high-intensity statins at baseline (compared with low intensity) had 39% lower risks and those who increased statin intensity 62% lower ascvd event risks (p < .01).

residual risk of ascvd remains high despite statin treatment and is predicted by specific risk factors and subclinical atherosclerosis. these findings may be helpful for identifying those at highest risk needing more aggressive treatment.

the databases that were included pubmed and scopus, with articles published from january 2000 to may 2016. the mesh terms used for the search were "falls" and "statin". selected studies included cohort populations from the community (>50 years old), and analysed using the scottish intercollegiate (sign) methodology guidelines, as no randomised controlled study was found.

the purpose of this study is to conduct a systematic review to assess the literature on the association between statin use and the risk of falls.

with the high incidence of cardiovascular events in the elderly population the effectiveness of statins in reducing mortality from coronary events has been demonstrated. however, there have been adverse effects, such as myalgia, myopathy, myonecrosis, not to mention the falls as a result of muscle damage with statin use.

metabolic dysregulation drives tumor initiation in a subset of glioblastomas harboring isocitrate dehydrogenase (idh) mutations, but metabolic alterations in glioblastomas with wildtype idh are poorly understood. myc promotes metabolic reprogramming in cancer, but targeting myc has proven notoriously challenging. here, we link metabolic dysregulation in patient-derived brain tumor initiating cells (btics) to a nexus between myc and mevalonate signaling, which can be inhibited by statin or 6-fluoromevalonate treatment. btics preferentially express mevalonate pathway enzymes, which we find regulated by novel myc binding sites, validating an additional transcriptional activation role of myc in cancer metabolism. targeting mevalonate activity attenuated ras-erk-dependent btic growth and self-renewal. in turn, mevalonate created a positive feed-forward loop to activate myc signaling via induction of mir-33b.  collectively, our results argue that myc mediates its oncogenic effects in part by altering mevalonate metabolism in gloma cells, suggesting a therapeutic strategy in this setting.

statins are competitive inhibitors of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coa (hmg-a) reductase, and studies have shown that statins also have anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. the purpose of this study was to investigate the anti-asthmatic effects of pitavastatin, a type of statin, in an asthma mouse model. mice were sensitized and challenged with ovalbumin (ova) to establish the asthma model. these mice were then treated with inhaled pitavastatin (5 mg/kg) or dexamethasone (2 mg/kg), the latter of which served as a positive control. the results of the study showed that pitavastatin reduced allergen-induced increases in airway resistance and alleviated bronchial tube thickness and goblet cell hyperplasia in lung tissues. in addition, the results showed that pitavastatin inhibited ova-induced increases in eosinophil counts and total inflammatory cell counts in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (balf) and increased the percentage of cd4+ cd25+ foxp3+ treg in the balf of asthmatic mice. il-4 and il-17 levels were decreased, whereas ifn-γ levels were significantly increased in the balf of pitavastatin-treated mice compared with the balf of ova-challenged mice. these results suggest that pitavastatin has potential as a therapy for allergic airway disease and that its effects are associated with its ability to regulate cd4+ cd25+ foxp3+ t cell counts.

statins are used for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease by inhibiting cholesterol synthesis in the liver. statins have also noncholesterol-related effects, called pleiotropic effects, which arise from statins' anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory and antioxidant properties. these effects are especially attractive for the treatment of various brain diseases ranging from stroke to neurodegenerative diseases. still, low brain concentrations after oral drug administration hinder the clinical application of statins in these pathologies. pharmaceutical nanotechnologies may offer a solution to this problem, as local or targeted delivery of nanoencapsulated statins may increase brain availability. this special report rapidly summarizes the potential of statins in the treatment of brain diseases and the pharmaceutical nanotechnologies that could provide a viable approach to enable these indications.

pre-diagnostic statin use was not associated with lymph node negative status at diagnosis. in multivariate analyses, pre-diagnostic statin use was associated with reduced all-cause (hr 0.78 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.69, 0.89) and breast cancer-specific mortality (hr 0.81 95% ci 0.68, 0.96). this reduction in cancer-specific mortality was greatest in statin-users with oestrogen (er) receptor-positive tumours (hr 0.69 95% ci 0.55, 0.85).

elevated circulating sortilin levels are associated with cad and diabetes mellitus and can be used as a biomarker of both diseases in statin-naïve subjects.

current guidelines for the treatment of patients with diabetes are focused on improving glycemic control and treating appropriate cardiovascular (cv) risk factors. basic recommendations include blood pressure management with a goal of <140 mm hg systolic pressure, statin therapy in all patients ≥40 years of age with diabetes (moderate intensity for all, and high intensity if at high risk of cvd events), and aspirin therapy in all adults at increased cv risk (10-year risk of cvd events >10%). oral antihyperglycemic medications remain the cornerstone of treatment for optimizing glucose control in patients with diabetes. in this review, we aim to present the basic mechanisms for each class of commonly used non-insulin-based glucose-lowering drugs and to discuss the effect of these medications on cv events.

among 61 with chd, 23 (37.7%) were on statins. statin use among 422 diabetics aged ≥40 years with low-density lipoprotein ≥70 mg/dl was 13.4% in urban and 7.6% among rural. statin usage among rural diabetics aged ≥40 years increased from 7.7% in 2010-2012 to 16.6% in 2016.

in the diabetic heart the β-adrenergic response is altered partly by down-regulation of the β1-adrenoceptor, reducing its positive inotropic effect and up-regulation of the β3-adrenoceptor, increasing its negative inotropic effect. statins have clinical benefits on morbidity and mortality in diabetic patients which are attributed to their "pleiotropic" effects. the objective of our study was to investigate the role of statin treatment on β-adrenergic dysfunction in diabetic rat cardiomyocytes.

β-adrenergic responses were investigated in vivo (echocardiography) and ex vivo (left ventricular papillary muscles) in healthy and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats, who were pre-treated or not by oral atorvastatin over 15 days (50 mg.kg-1.day-1). micro-array analysis and immunoblotting were performed in left ventricular homogenates. data are presented as mean percentage of baseline ± sd.

this simulation model study used a large administrative database of us medical and pharmacy claims to identify a cohort of 105 269 patients with ascvd enrolled from january 1, 2012, through december 31, 2013, who met the inclusion criteria (database cohort). patients were sampled with replacement (bootstrapping) to match the us epidemiologic distribution and entered into a monte carlo simulation (simulation cohort) that applied stepwise treatment intensification algorithms in those with ldl-c levels of at least 70 mg/dl. all patients not initially receiving a statin were given atorvastatin, 20 mg, and the following llt intensification steps were applied: uptitration to atorvastatin, 80 mg; add-on ezetimibe therapy; add-on alirocumab therapy, 75 mg (a pcsk9 inhibitor); and uptitration to alirocumab, 150 mg. sensitivity analyses included evolocumab as a pcsk9 inhibitor. efficacy was estimated from published studies and incorporated patient-level variation. data were analyzed from december 2015 to may 2017.

these review article presents the results of major recent studies in cardiovascular prevention. hope-3 study showed that people with medium cardiovascular risk who have not experienced a cardiovascular event, and have normal blood pressure, benefit from deploying a statin, and in the presence of hypertension benefit from deploying a combination of a statin and antihypertensive drugs. studies evaluating genetic predisposition brought new evidence that both ldl cholesterol and systolic blood pressure are independent and multiplicative causal risk factors for cardiovascular events. a mild long-term reduction in blood pressure and ldl cholesterol has the potential to significantly reduce the lifetime risk of cardiovascular events. in the final section the article discusses options for improving patient adherence to antihypertensive and lipid treatment and the new available fixed combinations for these diseases.key words: arterial hypertension - cardiovascular prevention - dyslipidemia - fixed combinations - treatment.

atorvastatin restored the impaired positive inotropic effect of β-adrenergic stimulation in diabetic hearts compared with healthy hearts both in vivo and ex vivo but did not suppress the diastolic dysfunction of diabetes. atorvastatin changed the rna expression of 9 genes in the β-adrenergic pathway and corrected the protein expression of β1-adrenoceptor and β1/β3-adrenoceptor ratio, and multidrug resistance protein 4 (mrp4). nitric oxide synthase (nos) inhibition abolished the beneficial effects of atorvastatin on the β-adrenoceptor response.

high exercise capacity (ec) has been associated with a lower risk of incident diabetes, whereas statin therapy has been associated with a higher risk. we sought to investigate whether the association between ec and diabetes risk is modified by statin therapy. this retrospective cohort study included 47,337 patients without diabetes or coronary artery disease at baseline (age 53 ± 13 years, 48% women, 66% white) who underwent clinical treadmill stress testing within the henry ford health system from january 1, 1991, to may 31, 2009. the patients were stratified by baseline statin use and estimated peak mets achieved during exercise testing. hazard ratios for incident diabetes were calculated using cox proportional hazards models adjusted for demographic characteristics, co-morbidities, pertinent medications, and stress test indication. we observed 6,921 new diabetes cases (14.6%) over a median follow-up period of 5.1 years (interquartile interval of 2.6 to 8.2 years). compared with the statin group, the no-statin group achieved higher mean mets (8.9 ± 2.7 vs 9.6 ± 3.0, respectively; p <0.001). after adjustment for covariates, a higher ec was associated with a lower risk of incident diabetes, irrespective of statin use (p-interaction = 0.15). each 1-met increment was associated with an 8%, 8%, and 6% relative risk reduction in the total cohort, the no-statin, and the statin groups, respectively (95% confidence interval, 0.91 to 0.93, 0.91 to 0.93, and 0.91 to 0.96, respectively; p <0.001 for all). we conclude that a higher ec is associated with a lower risk of incident diabetes regardless of statin use.

lipid profiles and prostate cancer have a controversial relationship, and the predictive ability of lipids in determining cancer risk estimation is still questionable. this study demonstrates a significance assessment of the plasma lipid profiles of subjects with prostate cancer. locoregional subjects irradiated with external beam therapy were compared to prostate cancer subjects with bone metastases. the histopathologic diagnosis of 103 subjects (71 locoregional [group 1] and 32 palliative [group 2]) were analyzed and compared using their blood samples, total cholesterol (chl), triglycerides (tg), high-density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol. the hdl/chl, ldl/chl, and tg/hdl ratios were used for better fit and comparison. subjects were grouped according to their cancer stages and assessed using statins in both groups. in this study, serum hdl/chl was significantly increased in group 1 compared to group 2 ( p = .02), and time-statin factor in relation was statistically significant ( p = .02). for group 2, this index decreased with each day after radiotherapy ( p = .07), which means the chl was increased. negative effects were noticed at the time of observation of the ldl/hdl ratio with an approximate increase of 0.0025 each day in palliative subjects. this ratio showed a statically significant elevation ( p = .04). there was not a statistically significant difference in the value of the tg/hdl ratio between both groups. as the survival of cancer subjects increases, frequent control of the lipid profile gains importance.

if we want to favorably influence the cardiovascular atherosclerotic disease, it is necessary to significantly lower ldl-c blood levels. pcsk9 inhibitors can significantly reduce ldl-cholesterol levels, being administered together with statins. however we focus on establishing whether this plays a role in influencing coronary atherosclerosis. the glagov study is a multicentric, double-blinded and placebo-controlled study which during a 76-week period followed an impact of the treatment with evolocumab (pcsk9i) together with statin on the status of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with ischemic heart disease, and in comparison with the statin treatment. 968 patients at an average age of 60 have reached a significant decline in the levels of serum ldl-cholesterol (from 2.39 to 0.95 mmol/l) in the branch of the combined therapy, which led to a considerable reduction of percent atheroma volume in the coronary artery by 0.95% (in the branch of the statin-only therapy, the percent atheroma volume increased by 0.05%). the therapy was safe. as shown by the results, evolocumab can through additional reduction of blood levels of ldl-c favorably influence (reduce) coronary atherosclerosis.key words: evolocumab - regression of coronary atherosclerosis - ldl-c blood levels.

we report a very young man with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (fh) with apoe haplotype and a significant cardiac family history who underwent cardiac catheterization for intermittent episodes of exertional dyspnea and was noted to have a severe triple vessel coronary artery disease (cad). he underwent coronary artery bypass graft (cabg) surgery which was uneventful. he was discharged on antiplatelet, beta blocker, nitrate, and statin. on routine health maintenance evaluation, he had no cardiac complaints and had been tolerating well his activities of daily living.

women with stages i-iii breast cancer were identified from the national cancer registry of ireland (n=6314). pre-diagnostic statin users were identified from linked prescription claims data (n=2082). relative risks were estimated for associations between pre-diagnostic statin use and lymph node status. hazard ratios (hr) were estimated for associations between pre-diagnostic statin use and breast cancer-specific and all-cause mortality.

hypercholesterolemia is one of the main risk factors for coronary heart disease and significantly contributes to the high mortality associated with cardiovascular diseases. statin therapy represents the gold standard in the reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration. nevertheless, many patients still cannot achieve the recommended target levels, due to either inadequate effectiveness or intolerance of these drugs. monoclonal antibodies that inhibit proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (pcsk9) have emerged as a promising option in lipid-lowering treatment. after confirmation of their efficacy and safety in clinical trials, evolocumab and alirocumab received approval from the us food and drug administration (fda) and european medicines agency (ema) for introduction into clinical practice. in this review, we present a history of the development and mechanisms of action, as well as the results of the most important studies concerning pcsk9 inhibitors.

low high density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl-c) levels represent an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease; in addition to the reduced hdl-c levels commonly observed in patients at cardiovascular risk, the presence of dysfunctional hdl, i.e. hdl with reduced atheroprotective properties, has been reported. despite the established inverse correlation between hdl-c levels and cardiovascular risk, several clinical trials with hdl-c-increasing drugs (such as niacin, cetp inhibitors or fibrate) failed to demonstrate that a significant rise in hdl-c levels translate into a cardiovascular benefit. statins, that are the most used lipid-lowering drugs, can also increase hdl-c levels, although this effect is highly variable among studies and statins; the most recent developed statin, pitavastatin, beside its role as ldl-c-lowering agent, increases hdl-c levels at a significantly higher extent and progressively upon treatment; such increase was observed also when patients where shifted from another statin to pitavastatin. the stratification by baseline hdl-c levels revealed that only pitavastatin significantly increased hdl-c levels in patients with baseline hdl-c ≤45 mg/dl, while no changes were observed in patients with higher baseline hdl-c levels. in the last years the hypothesis that functional properties of hdl may be more relevant than hdl-c levels has risen from several observations. the treatment with pitavastatin not only increased hdl-c levels, but also increased the phospholipid content of hdl, increased the hdl efflux capacity and their anti-oxidant properties. these observations suggest that, besides its high ldl-c-lowering effect, pitavastatin also exhibits a significantly higher ability to increase hdl-c levels and may also positively affect the quality and functionality of hdl particles.

atorvastatin restored the positive inotropic effect of the β-adrenoceptor stimulation in diabetic cardiomyopathy. this effect is mediated by multiple modifications in expression of proteins in the β-adrenergic signaling pathway, particularly through the nos pathway.

this review extends the time frame of a meta-analysis performed by li and colleagues in 2014; specifically, we looked at the literature published between september 2013 and april 2016. we conducted a search of four electronic databases-psycinfo, cinahl, pubmed, and scopus-using the terms red yeast rice and cholesterol. we excluded studies that included berberine or lovastatin.

: purpose: red yeast rice (ryr) supplementation has become a popular alternative to statin therapy in treating hypercholesterolemia. this state-of-the-science review seeks to explore the most recent evidence on the effectiveness and safety of ryr supplementation in treating dyslipidemic adults.

ninety four-weeks old male sd rats fed with cholesterol enriched diet for six weeks were randomized into nine groups (n = 10/group) - sham group, control group, ipc group, atorvastatin group, wortmannin group, pd98059 group, atorvastatin+ipc group, atorvastatin+ipc+wortmannin group and atorvastatin+ipc+pd98059 group. atorvastatin was administered orally 12 hours before myocardial reperfusion.

post-translational activation of p42 mapk/erk, rather than pi3k/akt, participates in the net protective effect of ipc and atorvastatin in hyperlipidemia.

it was found that the peroxynitrite footprint in circulating neutrophils and monocytes of aaa patients is higher than in controls. aaa patients treated with statins had a lower peroxynitrite footprint in neutrophils than non-statin users.

in aaa patients using statins, the median nitrotyrosine level in neutrophils was 646 (range 422-2059), in lymphocytes 125 (range 74-343), and in monocytes 586 (range 291-663). median levels in aaa patients not using statins were for neutrophils 928 (range 552-2095, p = .03), lymphocytes 156 (101-273, ns), and for monocytes 536 (range 535-1635, ns). the statin dose tended to correlate negatively with nitrotyrosine in neutrophils (rs -0.32, p = .06). the median levels in controls were lower for neutrophils 466 (range 340-820, p < .01) and for monocytes 191 (range 102-386, p = .03), but similar for lymphocytes 99 (range 82-246) when compared to the aaa patients. there were no differences in mitochondrial superoxide and cytoplasmic hydrogen peroxide between statin and non-statin users within aaa patients.

the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) medicare star program provides incentives to health plans when their patients with diabetes meet adherence targets to ACEI/angiotensin receptor blockers (ACEI/arb) and statins. while a link between adherence and cardiovascular risk factor control is established, most studies included young patients with few comorbidities. whether the star adherence target is associated with reduced blood pressure or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) in complex older patients is not well understood.

adherence differed little across elderly age groups. compared to no comorbidity, high comorbidity (≥ 4) was associated with lower ACEI/arb (rr 0.88 [95%ci 0.87, 0.89]) or statin (rr 0.91 [0.90, 0.92]) adherence. ACEI/arb adherence was not associated with blood pressure < 140/90 mm hg in patients ≥ 85 years (rr 1.01 [0.96, 1.07]) or with multiple comorbidities (e.g., 3: rr 1.04 [0.99, 1.08]). statin adherence and ldl-c < 100 mg/dl were associated in all elderly age groups (e.g., ≥ 85: rr 1.13 [1.09, 1.16]) and comorbidity levels (e.g., ≥ 4: rr 1.13 [1.12, 1.15]).

the proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitor alirocumab has been shown to substantially reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c). demonstrating whether efficacy and safety are maintained over a long duration of exposure is vital for clinical decision-making. the combo ii trial compared the efficacy and safety of alirocumab versus ezetimibe over 2 years. a prespecified first analysis was reported at 52 weeks. here we report the final end-of-study data (on-treatment) and evaluate post hoc the safety profile with longer versus shorter duration of alirocumab exposure. patients (n = 720) on maximally tolerated statin dose were treated with alirocumab (75/150 mg every 2 weeks) or ezetimibe (10 mg/day). overall mean adherence for both treatment groups during the first and second year was >97%. at 2 years, ldl-c was reduced by 49% (alirocumab) versus 17% (ezetimibe; p <0.0001), and ldl-c <70 mg/dl was achieved by 73% of alirocumab-treated versus 40% of ezetimibe-treated patients. overall safety was similar in both treatment groups at 2 years and during the first versus the second year. local injection-site reactions were reported by 2.5% (alirocumab) versus 0.8% (ezetimibe) during the first year, and 0.2% versus 0.5% during the second year, indicating early occurrence during prolonged alirocumab exposure. two consecutive calculated ldl-c values <25 mg/dl were observed in 28% of alirocumab-treated patients (vs 0.4% with ezetimibe). persistent anti-drug antibody responses were observed in 1.3% (6 of 454) of alirocumab-treated versus 0.4% (1 of 231) of ezetimibe-treated patients. neutralizing antibodies (that inhibit binding in vitro) were observed in 1.5% (7 of 454) of alirocumab-treated patients (0 with ezetimibe), mostly at isolated time points. alirocumab sustained substantial ldl-c reductions and was well tolerated up to 2 years in the combo ii trial.

statins are a class of drugs used to lower total and low-density lipoprotein (ldl)-cholesterol. clinical trials performed over the last 25 years have shown that these agents are effective in improving cardiovascular outcomes in several different clinical settings. however, in some cases statin treatment may be associated with significant side effects and adverse reactions. the occurrence of these adverse events during statin therapy may cause discontinuation of treatment, and hence the impossibility of achieving recommended lipid goals. the clinical condition in which patients experience major unacceptable symptoms and/or develop laboratory abnormalities during statin therapy is defined as statin intolerance. this document outlines the diagnostic and therapeutic pathways for the clinical management of patients with hypercholesterolaemia and statin intolerance.

hypercholesterolemia and hypertension are among the most important risk factors for cardiovascular (cv) disease. they are also important contributors to metabolic diseases including diabetes that further increase cv risk. updated guidelines emphasize targeted reduction of overall cv risks but do not explicitly incorporate potential adverse metabolic outcomes that also influence cv health. hypercholesterolemia and hypertension have synergistic deleterious effects on interrelated insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction. dysregulation of the renin-angiotensin system is an important pathophysiological mechanism linking insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction to atherogenesis. statins are the reference standard treatment to prevent cv disease in patients with hypercholesterolemia. statins work best for secondary cv prevention. unfortunately, most statin therapies dose-dependently cause insulin resistance, increase new onset diabetes risk and exacerbate existing type 2 diabetes mellitus. pravastatin is often too weak to achieve target low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels despite having beneficial metabolic actions. renin-angiotensin system inhibitors improve both endothelial dysfunction and insulin resistance in addition to controlling blood pressure. in this regard, combined statin-based and renin-angiotensin system (ras) inhibitor therapies demonstrate additive/synergistic beneficial effects on endothelial dysfunction, insulin resistance, and other metabolic parameters in addition to lowering both cholesterol levels and blood pressure. this combined therapy simultaneously reduces cv events when compared to either drug type used as monotherapy. this is mediated by both separate and interrelated mechanisms. therefore, statin-based therapy combined with ras inhibitors is important for developing optimal management strategies in patients with hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, or obesity. this combined therapy can help prevent or treat cv disease while minimizing adverse metabolic consequences.

residual atherothrombotic risk remains higher in patients with versus without diabetes mellitus (dm) despite statin therapy. the underlying mechanisms are unclear. this is a retrospective post-hoc analysis of the yellow ii trial, comparing patients with and without dm (non-dm) who received rosuvastatin 40 mg for 8-12 weeks and underwent intracoronary multimodality imaging of an obstructive nonculprit lesion, before and after therapy. in addition, blood samples were drawn to assess cholesterol efflux capacity (cec) and changes in gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmc). there was a significant reduction in low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (ldl-c), an increase in cec and beneficial changes in plaque morphology including increase in fibrous cap thickness and decrease in the prevalence of thin cap fibro-atheroma by optical coherence tomography in dm and non-dm patients. while differential gene expression analysis did not demonstrate differences in pbmc transcriptome between the two groups on the single-gene level, weighted gene coexpression network analysis revealed two modules of coexpressed genes associated with dm, collagen module and platelet module, related to collagen catabolism and platelet function respectively. bayesian network analysis revealed key driver genes within these modules. these transcriptomic findings might provide potential mechanisms responsible for the higher cardiovascular risk in dm patients.

despite strong evidence of the importance of cholesterol levels in primary or secondary prevention of cvd, and the effectiveness of statin therapy for cholesterol lowering and reduction of cvd risk, gaps exist in the detection, treatment, and management of high cholesterol globally. some potential roadblocks include poor access to laboratory facilities or trained professionals for cholesterol management, low awareness of fh among the general population and health professionals, unaffordability of statins for patient households, and low awareness of the importance of persistent adherence to lipid-lowering medication. potential solutions include point-of-care testing, provision of free or subsidized lipid-lowering medication, and treatment adherence support using text message reminders.

sepsis is a major public health problem, frequent, costly, and often fatal. despite of improvements in supportive treatments the incidence of sepsis and the number of deaths related to sepsis is increasing. statins have been recently proposed as adjuvants in the treatment of sepsis, but its effects on mortality show conflicting results worldwide.

the mechanisms underlying statin-associated muscle symptoms (sams) are not understood. mitochondrial dysfunction and atrogin-1 activation are among the leading possible explanations for sams. interestingly, metformin can enhance mitochondrial function and may affect atrogin-1 expression. therefore, we sought to perform a systematic search of the literature to explore the relationship among statins, metformin, and sams.

type 1 mi, type 2 mi, and myocardial injury occurred in 137, 146, and 175 patients, respectively. patients with type 2 mi were older (p=0.02), had lower peak cardiac troponin (p<0.001), and were less likely to receive aspirin and statin at discharge (p<0.001) than type 1 mi survivors. all-cause mortality (median follow-up: 1.8 years) was not different between patient groups (type 1 mi mortality: 29.9%, type 2 mi: 30.8%, myocardial injury: 29.7%; log rank p=0.94). a significant proportion of deaths were attributed to cardiovascular causes in all subgroups (type 1 mi: 34.1%, type 2 mi: 17.8%, myocardial injury: 30.8%).

left ventricular (lv) remodeling after myocardial infarction (mi) causes heart failure. although medical therapies including ACEI show inhibitory effects on post-infarct lv remodeling, the prognosis of patients with post-infarct heart failure is still poor. accumulating evidence suggests that an inflammatory response is implicated in the process of post-infarct lv remodeling. therefore, we hypothesized that anti-inflammatory therapy by nanoparticle-mediated monocyte/macrophage-targeting delivery of pitavastatin may protect the heart from post-infarct lv remodeling.male c57bl/6 mice were subjected to permanent coronary ligation and pitavastatin-incorporating nanoparticles (pitavastatin-nps) were intravenously injected for 3 to 5 consecutive days. pitavastatin-nps were delivered to cd11b(+) monocytes/macrophages, but not to cardiomyocytes. treatment with pitavastatin-nps after establishment of mi attenuated post-infarct lv remodeling accompanied by a reduction of monocytes/macrophages in the heart, whereas pitavastatin solution treatment did not. pitavastatin-nps inhibited mobilization of monocytes from the spleen after mi. in mice after splenectomy, pitavastatin-nps still decreased the number of monocytes/macrophages in the infarcted heart and inhibited post-infarct lv remodeling.nanoparticle-mediated delivery of pitavastatin to monocytes/macrophages may be a novel therapeutic strategy to protect the heart from post-infarct lv remodeling. inhibition of monocyte mobilization from the bone marrow is one of the major mechanisms by which pitavastatin-nps attenuated post-infarct lv remodeling.

patients with pre-diagnostic statin exposure had a significant reduction in breast cancer-specific mortality, which was even more pronounced in women with er+ tumours.british journal of cancer advance online publication, 18 july 2017; doi:10.1038/bjc.2017.227 www.bjcancer.com.

hyperlipidemia (hl) has been identified as a risk factor for rotator cuff tear, but no studies have evaluated its effects on healing. the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of hl and statin use on rotator cuff healing after arthroscopic repair.

proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (pcsk9) and the identification of its critical role in lipoprotein metabolism has rapidly led to the development of pcsk9 inhibition with monoclonal antibodies (mabs). pcsk9 mabs are already in limited clinical use and are the subject of major cardiovascular outcomes trials, which if universally positive could see much wider clinical application of these agents. patients with familial hypercholesterolaemia are the most obvious candidates for these drugs, but other patients with elevated cardiovascular risk, statin intolerance or hyperlipoproteinaemia(a) may also benefit. pcsk9 mabs, administered once or twice monthly, reduce ldl-cholesterol levels by 50 - 70%, and appear to be safe and acceptable to patients over at least two years of treatment. however, treatment-emergent adverse effects are not always identified in clinical trials, as well-evidenced by statin myopathy. inclisiran is a promising rna-based therapy that promotes the degradation of pcsk9 mrna transcripts and has similar efficacy to mabs but with a much longer duration of action. the cost-effectiveness and long-term safety of therapies targeted at inhibiting pcsk9 remains to be demonstrated if they are to be used widely in coronary prevention.

average age was 62.1 years (45.3-74.3 years). on ultrasound evaluation, 65 shoulders (75.5%) had no retear, 14 (16.3%) had pt, and 7 (8.1%) had ft. there was no significant difference in retear rate by age, technique, or tissue quality. there were 33 patients (38.8%) who had the diagnosis of hl, and all were taking a statin medication. compared with patients without hl, patients with hl had significantly higher rates of ft (18.1% vs. 1.9%; p < .001) and pt (27.2% vs. 9.4%; p < .001). the total retear rate (pt and ft) for hl patients was significantly higher at 45.5% (15/33) compared with the patients without hl at 11.3% (6/53), with an odds ratio of 6.5 (p < .001). there was no difference in retear rate by dosage or type of statin mediation.

patients (mean age 57.9 ± 9.2 years; male 73%; prior and concomitant 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme a reductase inhibitors (statin) use, 73% and 97%, respectively) demonstrated overall increases in pav of 0.41 ± 0.07% (p = 0.001 compared with baseline) and in cai (median) of 0.04 (interquartile range [iqr]: 0.00 to 0.11; p < 0.001 compared with baseline). following propensity-weighted adjustment for clinical trial and a range of clinical, ultrasonic, and laboratory parameters, there was no significant difference in the annualized change in pav in the presence and absence of warfarin treatment (0.33 ± 0.05% vs. 0.25 ± 0.05%; p = 0.17). a significantly greater annualized increase in cai was observed in warfarin-treated compared with non-warfarin-treated patients (median 0.03; iqr: 0.0 to 0.08 vs. median 0.02; iqr: 0.0 to 0.06; p < 0.001). in a sensitivity analysis evaluating a 1:1 matched cohort (n = 164 per group), significantly greater annualized changes in cai were also observed in warfarin-treated compared with non-warfarin-treated patients. in a multivariate model, warfarin was independently associated with an increasing cai (odds ratio: 1.16; 95% confidence interval: 1.05 to 1.28; p = 0.003).

in patients with peripheral artery disease who were referred for peripheral angiography or endovascular intervention, hi statin therapy was associated with improved survival and fewer major adverse cardiovascular events compared with lmi statin therapy.

pcps face challenges getting their patients to re-initiate statins, particularly after a patient reports side effects.

the anticancer efficacy of anthracyclines is limited by congestive heart failure. clinically established markers of early onset of cardiotoxicity following anthracycline treatment and preventive measures are missing. although statins are reported to alleviate anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity in vivo, the molecular mechanisms involved remain elusive. in vitro data point to rac1 as major target of the cytoprotective statin effects. here we investigated whether specific inhibition of rac1 by nsc23766 is as effective as lovastatin in preventing subacute cardiotoxicity following doxorubicin treatment. c57bl/6 mice were treated over 3 weeks with multiple low doses of doxorubicin (6 × 3 mg/kg bw, i.p.) and the level of dna damage, apoptosis and regenerative proliferation as well as pro-inflammatory, pro-fibrotic and oxidative stress responses were investigated. moreover, heart function was monitored by echocardiography. doxorubicin induced subacute cardiotoxicity which was reflected on the level of residual dna damage, frequency of apoptotic and mitotic cells as well as elevated mrna expression of markers of heart failure, remodeling and mitochondrial biogenesis. these molecular markers of cardiotoxicity were mitigated to a similar extent by co-treatment with either lovastatin (10 mg/kg bw, p.o.) or nsc23766 (5 mg/kg bw, i.p.) three times a week. moreover, doxorubicin caused diastolic dysfunction as reflected by increased e-wave acceleration time (eat), which again was prevented by pharmacological inhibition of rac1. inhibition of rac1 signaling is of major relevance for the cardioprotective effects of lovastatin in the context of anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity. moreover, eat is a useful marker of subacute cardiotoxicity caused by persisting harmful effects of doxorubicin.

overall agreement between cpg recommendations and patient-clinician decision makers was 0.920 (95% confidence interval: 0.955, 0.959) and 0.891 (95% confidence interval: 0.843, 0.851) per 2002 and 2013 cpgs, respectively. overall agreement was primarily driven by the negative proportion of specific agreement; positive agreement was moderate for the 2002 cpg and poor for the 2013 cpg. ldl-c levels marginally decreased for all participants except non-cpg-recommended statin users per the 2002 cpg. chd risk was minimally reduced for all participants per the 2002 cpg with the exception of cpg-recommended statin users, for whom risk increased; chd risk decreased for cpg-recommended statin users, but increased for non-cpg-recommended statin users per the 2013 cpg. no one statin medication was found to be more clinically effective in reducing ldl-c or chd risk, regardless of dose intensity.

discontinuation of statin therapy represents a major challenge for effective cardiovascular disease prevention. it is unclear how often primary care physicians (pcps) re-initiate statins and what barriers they encounter. we aimed to identify pcp perspectives on factors influencing statin re-initiation.

we conducted six nominal group discussions with 23 pcps from the deep south continuing medical education network. pcps answered questions about statin side effects, reasons their patients reported for discontinuing statins, how they respond when discontinuation is reported, and barriers they encounter in getting their patients to re-initiate statin therapy. each group generated a list of responses in round-robin fashion. then, each pcp independently ranked their top three responses to each question. for each pcp, the most important reason was given a weight of 3 votes, and the second and third most important reasons were given weights of 2 and 1, respectively. we categorized the individual responses into themes and determined the relative importance of each theme using a "percent of available votes" metric.

pcps reported that side effects, especially muscle/joint-related symptoms, were the most common reason patients reported for statin discontinuation (47% of available votes). pcps reported statin re-challenge as their most common response when a patient discontinues statin use (31% of available votes). patients' fear of side effects was ranked as the biggest challenge pcps encounter in getting their patients to re-initiate statin therapy (70% of available votes).

several studies have evaluated the association between statin use and endometrial cancer risk. we carried out a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (rcts) and non-randomized studies to evaluate the effect of statins on endometrial cancer risk. a comprehensive search of electronic databases, conference abstracts and clinical trial registers was conducted for published and unpublished results. studies that evaluated exposure to statins and endometrial cancer risk were considered. pooled relative risks (rrs) with 95% confidence intervals (cis) were calculated using either a fixed-effects or a random-effects model. two rcts and eleven non-randomized studies (four cohort and seven case-control studies) involving 9,517 cases of endometrial cancer were included in the analysis. there was no evidence of an association between statin use and endometrial cancer risk either among rcts (rr, 0.72; 95% ci, 0.19 to 2.67) or among non-randomized studies (rr, 0.94; 95% ci, 0.82 to 1.07). combined analysis of all included studies also showed that statin use did not significantly affect endometrial cancer risk (rr, 0.94; 95% ci, 0.82 to 1.07). the sensitivity analysis confirmed the stability of our results. our findings do not support a protective effect of statins against endometrial cancer at the population level.

fairly limited data reported the incidence and risk of cerebrovascular accident (cva) in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (adpkd). additionally, little is known regarding the therapeutic impact of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (raas) blockade and statin on reducing the occurrence of cva in adpkd. we utilized the data from taiwan national health insurance research database (nhird) to perform a population-based cohort study (1997-2013). a total of 2,647 patients with adpkd were selected from 1,000,000 general population after excluding patients with age<18, renal replacement therapy and concomitant diagnosis of cva. additionally, non-adpkd subjects were assigned as comparison group by matching study cohort with age, gender, income and urbanization in 1:10 ratio (n=26,470). the results showed that adpkd group had significantly higher frequency rate and cumulative incidence of cva as compared with the non-adpkd group (8.73% v.s. 3.93%, p<0.0001). furthermore, the frequencies of both hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes were also significantly higher in the adpkd than non-adpkd group (all p-values <0.0001). after adjusting for age, gender and atherosclerotic risk factors with multivariate analysis, adpkd independently carried 2.34- and 5.12-fold risk for occurrence of cva and hemorrhagic stroke (95% ci: 2.02-2.72 and 4.01-6.54), respectively. combination therapy [adjusted (a) hr=0.19, 95% ci: 0.11-0.31] was superior to either raas blockade (ahr=0.37, 95% ci, 0.28-0.5) or statin (ahr=0.44, 95% ci, 0.24-0.79) alone for reducing the cva occurrence in the adpkd population. in conclusion, adpkd was associated with an increased risk of cva occurrence. combined raas blockade and statin therapy effectively reduces the risk of cva in adpkd.

the relative benefit of higher statin dosing in patients with peripheral artery disease has not been reported previously. we compared the effectiveness of low- or moderate-intensity (lmi) versus high-intensity (hi) statin dose on clinical outcomes in patients with peripheral artery disease.

we reviewed patients with symptomatic peripheral artery disease who underwent peripheral angiography and/or endovascular intervention from 2006 to 2013 who were not taking other lipid-lowering medications. hi statin use was defined as atorvastatin 40-80 mg or rosuvastatin 20-40 mg. baseline demographics, procedural data, and outcomes were retrospectively analyzed. among 909 patients, 629 (69%) were prescribed statins, and 124 (13.6%) were treated with hi statin therapy. mean low-density lipoprotein level was similar in patients on lmi versus hi (80±30 versus 87±44 mg/dl, p=0.14). demographics including age (68±12 versus 67±10 years, p=0.25), smoking history (76% versus 80%, p=0.42), diabetes mellitus (54% versus 48%, p=0.17), and hypertension (88% versus 89%, p=0.78) were similar between groups (lmi versus hi). there was a higher prevalence of coronary artery disease (56% versus 75%, p=0.0001) among patients on hi statin (versus lmi). after propensity weighting, hi statin therapy was associated with improved survival (hazard ratio for mortality: 0.52; 95% confidence interval, 0.33-0.81; p=0.004) and decreased major adverse cardiovascular events (hazard ratio: 0.58; 95% confidence interval 0.37-0.92, p=0.02).

the median age (iqr) for the cohort at enrollment was 46 (40-53) years; 78% were male and 68% were african american. the median rdw for the cohort was 13.4% (12.9-14.0). compared with the lowest rdw tertile, patients in the highest tertile were less likely to be male, and more likely to be african american, have lower hemoglobin, lower mean corpuscular volume, and higher platelet counts (all p < 0.05). at baseline, rdw weakly correlated with c-reactive protein (r = 0.196), d-dimer (r = 0.214), fibrinogen (r = 0.192), il-6 (r = 0.257), cd4+dr+38+ t cells (r = 0.195), and cd4+pd1+ t cells (r = 0.227), all p < 0.05. only il-6, cd4+38+dr+ t cells, and cd4+pd1+ t_cells remained associated after adjustment for clinical factors known to affect rdw in the general population. over 48 weeks, rdw did not change and there was no significant effect of statin (p = 0.45). after adjustment for clinical parameters, rdw remained positively associated with cd4+38+dr+ and cd4+pd1+ t cells across all time points (p = 0.05).

adherence to the 2013 acc/aha guidelines for management of cholesterol by statin therapy in high-risk patients.

of 1094 patients, 753 (68.8%) met the inclusion criteria of the study. of these 753 patients, 53.5% had atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases; 29.2% had diabetes; 0.9% had an ldl-c level > 190 mg/dl; 10.8% had an estimated 10-year risk > 7.5%; and 4.9% had no risk. two hundred and eight (27.6%) patients received statin therapy at an inappropriate intensity according to their risk group based on the guideline; 126 (16.7%) received less than the ideal intensity.

consecutive adult patients discharged with a prescription for any of the statin medications group between 1 june 2015 and 31 december 2015.

to evaluate the adherence to the 2013 american college of cardiology/american heart association (acc/aha) guideline recommendations for statin therapy in the treatment of elevated blood cholesterol in high-risk patients.

amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als) is a devastating neurodegenerative disease that results in the progressive death of motor neurons, leading to paralysis and eventual death. there is presently no cure for als, and only two drugs are available, neither of which provide significant extension of life. the wide variation in onset and progression of the disease, both in sporadic and even in strongly penetrant monogenic familial forms of als, indicate that in addition to background genetic variation impacting the disease process, environmental exposures are likely contributors. epidemiological evidence worldwide implicates exposures to bacterial toxins, heavy metals, pesticides, and trauma as probable environmental factors. here, we review current advances in gene-environment interactions in als animal models. we report our recent discoveries in a zebrafish model of als in relation to exposure to the cyanobacterial toxin bmaa, and discuss several results from mouse models that show interactions with exposure to mercury and statin drugs, both leading to acceleration of the disease process. the increasing research into this combinatorial gene-environment process is just starting, but shows early promise to uncover the underlying biochemical pathways that instigate the initial motor neuron defects and lead to their rapidly progressive dysfunction.

pmn of any type was detected in 178 patients (33.0%), while major pmn was observed in 32 patients (5.9%). female sex, estimated glomerular filtration rate, procedural time, left ventricular end-diastolic pressure (lvedp) and fractional flow reserve measurement independently predicted any pmn; whereas, only lvedp and log-transformed n-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide independently predicted major pmn. the incidence of mace was significantly associated with major pmn. cox proportional-hazards models revealed that major pmn, pre-tni, and the absence of statin use were independently associated with mace.

inclusion criteria were met by 105 269 individuals in the database cohort (57.2% male and 42.8% female; mean [sd] age, 65.1 [12.1] years). in the simulation cohort (1 million patients; 54.8% male and 45.2% female; mean [sd] age, 66.4 [12.2] years), before treatment intensification, 51.5% used statin monotherapy and 1.7% used statins plus ezetimibe. only 25.2% achieved an ldl-c level of less than 70 mg/dl. after treatment intensification, 99.3% could achieve an ldl-c level of less than 70 mg/dl, including 67.3% with statin monotherapy, 18.7% with statins plus ezetimibe, and 14% with add-on pcsk9 inhibitor.

the mean patient age was 68.3±9.4 years. the majority were male (82.1%) with comorbidities such as diabetes mellitus (58.0%), hypertension (73.4%), and coronary artery disease (cad; 55.3%). patients more commonly presented with intermittent claudication (66.3%) than with critical limb ischemia (cli; 33.7%). femoropopliteal artery (41.2%) was the most common target vessel for endovascular treatment, followed by the aortoiliac (35.6%) and infrapopliteal arteries (23.2%). transatlantic inter-society consensus for the management of peripheral artery disease (tasc ii) type c/d aortoiliac (48.0%) or femoropopliteal lesions (60.2%) were frequent targets of endovascular treatment. at hospital discharge, only 73.1% of patients received dual antiplatelet therapy and 69.2% received a statin.

the risk for recurrent adverse reactions to statins could not be established for the entire sample. it was also not possible to determine whether patients actually took the statins.

continued statin prescriptions after an adverse reaction were associated with a lower incidence of death and cardiovascular events.

information on adverse reactions to statins was obtained from structured electronic medical record data or natural-language processing of narrative provider notes. the primary composite outcome was time to a cardiovascular event (myocardial infarction or stroke) or death.

most (81%) of the adverse reactions to statins were identified from the text of electronic provider notes. among 28 266 study patients, 19 989 (70.7%) continued receiving statin prescriptions after the adverse reaction. four years after the presumed adverse event, the cumulative incidence of the composite primary outcome was 12.2% for patients with continued statin prescriptions, compared with 13.9% for those without them (difference, 1.7% [95% ci, 0.8% to 2.7%]; p < 0.001). in a secondary analysis of 7604 patients for whom a different statin was prescribed after the adverse reaction, 2014 (26.5%) had a documented adverse reaction to the second statin, but 1696 (84.2%) of those patients continued receiving statin prescriptions.

patients with a presumed adverse reaction to a statin between 2000 and 2011.

to examine the relationship between continuation of statin therapy (any prescription within 12 months after an adverse reaction) and clinical outcomes.

aerospace medicine practitioners are following cpg recommendations for statin therapy. statins provided minimal benefit, however, and cpg recommendations proved irrelevant in reducing ldl-c and chd risk in this population of air force aviators. this result is attributable, in part, to the young age of the study cohort and the short follow-up period.tvaryanas ap, mahaney hj, schroeder vm, maupin gm. statin therapy in low-risk air force aviators with isolated hypercholesterolemia. aerosp med hum perform. 2017; 88(8):752-759.

individuals with type 2 diabetes (t2d) and dyslipidemia are at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. fibrates are a class of drugs prescribed to treat dyslipidemia, but variation in response has been observed. to evaluate common and rare genetic variants that impact lipid responses to fenofibrate in statin-treated t2d patients, we examined lipid changes in response to fenofibrate therapy using genome-wide association(gwa). associations were followed-up using gene expression studies in mice. common variants in smad3 and ipo11 were marginally associated with lipid changes in black subjects(p<5x10(-6) ). rare variant and gene expression changes were assessed using a false discovery rate approach. akr7a3 and hsd17b13 were associated with lipid changes in white subjects(q<0.2). mice fed fenofibrate displayed reductions in hsd17b13 gene expression(q<0.1). associations of variants in smad3, ipo11, and hsd17b13, with gene expression changes in mice indicate that tgf-ß and nrf2 signaling pathways may influence fenofibrate effects on dyslipidemia in t2d patients. this article is protected by copyright. all rights reserved.

recent research has suggested that statins have an effect on prostate cancer prognosis. it is currently unclear how prostate cancer screening, tumor and patient characteristics, or treatment selection may affect this association.

we assessed the effects of statin use in patients with advanced prostate cancer receiving abiraterone. patients treated with a statin plus abiraterone appeared to live longer than those treated with abiraterone only. since no negative drug-drug interaction is known and statins are widely used and inexpensive, further studies assessing the use of abiraterone plus statins are warranted.

our study suggests a prognostic impact of statin use in patients receiving abiraterone for mcrpc. the mechanism of this interaction warrants elucidation, but may include enhancement of the antitumor activity of abiraterone as well as cardioprotective effects.

statin use was a significant prognostic factor for longer os in univariable (hazard ratio [hr] 0.51, 95% confidence interval [ci] 0.37-0.72; p<0.001) and multivariable analysis (hr 0.40, 95% ci 0.27-0.59; p<0.001) and was significantly associated with psa declines (>50% decline at 12 wk: 72.1% in statin users vs 38.5% in non-users; p<0.001).

patients were assessed for overall survival (os), statin use at the time of treatment initiation, prostate-specific antigen (psa) variations, and other variables of interest. univariable and multivariable analysis was used to explore the association of variables of interest with os and psa declines.

to determine whether statin use affects survival in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mcrpc) treated with abiraterone.

although statin use has been associated with favorable effects in various solid malignancies, no conclusive evidence is available at present. statins are safe and inexpensive, and may synergize with novel antiandrogen agents abiraterone via pharmacokinetic interactions and decrease substrate availability for de novo androgen biosynthesis.

this is a population-based cohort study consisting of a general male population of finland participating in the finnish randomized study for prostate cancer screening. the cohort of consisted of 6537 prostate cancer cases diagnosed in the finnish randomized study of screening for prostate cancer population during 1996-2012. the cohort was linked to the national prescription database for information on the use of statins and other drugs.

to evaluate the risk of prostate cancer death among statin users. to determine how disease and treatment characteristics affect the association.

foram estudados 13.947 indivíduos (48 ± 6 anos, 71% homens). a maioria dos indivíduos de risco intermediário ou alto pela v diretriz apresentou risco calculado pelas pce baixo e mais de 70% daqueles considerados de alto risco o foram devido à presença de fator agravante. foram elegíveis para estatina 24%, 17%, 4% e 2% das mulheres pelos critérios br-1, br-2, eua-1 e eua-2, respectivamente (p < 0,01). os respectivos valores para os homens foram 75%, 58%, 31% e 17% (p < 0,01). oitenta e cinco por cento das mulheres e 60% dos homens elegíveis para estatina pelo critério br-1 não seriam candidatos pelo critério eua-1.

statin use for chd was below 50% although higher than the use among diabetics, indicating the need to address this low rate of usage among these high-risk groups.

em indivíduos de 40 a 75 anos submetidos consecutivamente a avaliação rotineira de saúde em um único centro, quatro critérios de elegibilidade para estatina foram definidos: br-1, br-2 (ldl-c acima ou pelo menos 30 mg/dl acima da meta preconizada pela diretriz brasileira, respectivamente), eua-1 e eua-2 (risco estimado pelas pce em 10 anos ≥ 5,0% ou ≥ 7,5%, respectivamente).

this observational study investigated reactive species production in vivo and ex vivo in circulating wbcs of aaa patients, using venous blood from patients prior to elective aaa repair (n = 34; 18 statin users) and from healthy volunteers (n = 10). reactive species production was quantified in circulating wbcs using immunofluorescence microscopy: nitrotyrosine (footprint of peroxynitrite, a potent reactive nitrogen species) in snap frozen blood smears; mitochondrial superoxide and cytoplasmic hydrogen peroxide (both reactive oxygen species) by live cell imaging. neutrophils, lymphocytes, and monocytes were examined individually.

em indivíduos saudáveis em prevenção primária: avaliar a relação entre o risco cardiovascular segundo a v diretriz brasileira de dislipidemias e o risco calculado pelas pooled cohort equations (pce); comparar a proporção de indivíduos elegíveis para estatinas, de acordo com diferentes critérios.

after controlling for potential confounders, the adjusted ors of chronic osteomyelitis were 0.57 for subjects with current statin use (95% ci 0.45, 0.72), 0.80 for subjects with recent statin use (95% ci 0.48, 1.33), and 1.00 for subjects with past statin use (95% ci 0.83, 1.20), compared patients with no prior statin use. in further analysis, the adjusted ors of chronic osteomyelitis were 0.70 for subjects with cumulative statin use < 12 months (95% ci 0.47, 1.07), and 0.56 for subjects with cumulative statins use ≥ 12 months (95% ci 0.41, 0.77), compared with those with no prior statin use.

a nationwide case-control study is conducted based on data taken from the taiwan national health insurance program. the case group includes 2,338 subjects aged 20-84 years newly diagnosed for chronic osteomyelitis from 2000 to 2013; the control group included 2,338 randomly selected subjects without chronic osteomyelitis matched for sex, age, and index year. statin use was respectively defined as 'current', 'recent' or 'past' if the most recent statin prescription was filled < 3 months, 3-6 months or ≥ 6 months prior to the chronic osteomyelitis diagnosis. relative risk of chronic osteomyelitis associated with statin use was measured by the odds ratio (or) with 95% confidence interval (ci) using the conditional logistic regression model.

