A number of experimental and clinical investigations support the notion that angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi) and angiotensin II type 1 receptor blocker (ARB) compounds attenuate renal fibrosis. Fibrosis can be attenuated by either suppressing matrix formation or facilitating matrix degradation. In this study, drugs of ACEi and ARB classes were tested for their ability to facilitate matrix degradation in the kidney. A murine model system in which cyclosporin A (CsA) treatment for a specified period caused interstitial matrix deposition in the kidney was used. CsA was then discontinued, and experimental procedures were initiated to investigate matrix degradation. Benazepril, an ACEi, facilitated matrix degradation via the bradykinin (BK) B2 receptor on tubular epithelial cells in the kidney, whereas CGP-48933, an ARB, did not. In this murine model of CsA nephropathy under ACE blockade, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) expression was decreased in tubular epithelial cells, possibly leading to conversion of plasminogen to plasmin by plasminogen activator and subsequent activation of matrix metalloproteinases. These findings were confirmed in this study by measurements of plasmin activity, collagenolytic activity, and matrix metalloproteinase activities in the kidneys. In tubular epithelial cells stimulated in vitro, BK suppressed PAI-1 gene expression. All of these results suggest that ACEi can decrease PAI-1 expression via BK, thereby facilitating matrix degradation via activation of degradative enzymes to reduce interstitial matrix deposition.

Plasmin is an important factor in the degradation of extracellular matrix. In the study reported here we examined the expression of plasminogen-activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA), and uPA receptor (uPAR), as well as the relevance of such expression to the production of type IV collagen, a major component of extracellular matrix, in the renal tissue of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes. Because angiotensin II is involved in the synthesis of PAI-1 and uPA, we also examined the effect of benazepril, an angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitor, on the expression of PAI-1, uPA, and uPAR messenger RNAs (mRNAs) and type IV collagen protein. Rats with streptozocin-induced diabetes-some untreated and some treated with 30 mg/L benazepril-and nondiabetic control rats were sacrificed at 4, 12, or 24 weeks after induction of diabetes. We examined the expression of PAI-1, uPA, and uPAR mRNAs through the use of in situ hybridization and that of type IV collagen by means of immunohistochemical methods. In control rats, we detected weak signals for PAI-1, uPA, and uPAR mRNAs in glomeruli. Diabetic rats exhibited high levels of expression of PAI-1, uPA, and uPAR mRNAs and type IV collagen protein, mainly in mesangial cells. These mRNAs were synthesized in various renal cells (epithelial, mesangial, and endothelial cells and Bowman's capsule). Benazepril inhibited increases in all 3 mRNAs, especially in the mesangium; reduced type IV collagen expression; and attenuated mesangial expansion. Our results indicated that altered expression of PAI-1, uPA, and uPAR in diabetic nephropathy was associated with mesangial expansion and that the beneficial effects of ACE-I may be at least associated with such expression.

The effects of the combined use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) benazepril and angiotensin II type 1 receptor antagonist (AT1RA) valsartan on apoptosis and the expression of apoptosis-related proteins Fas and FasL in the kidney of rats with adriamycin-induced nephritic glomerulosclerosis was investigated. Uninephrectomy and the injection of adriamycin induced the rat model of glomerulosclerosis. Benazepril (6 mg/kg), valsantan (20 mg/kg), or benazepril (3 mg/kg) plus valsantan (20 mg/kg) was respectively delivered daily by gavage to the rats in three treatment groups for 12 weeks. Apoptosis was examined by means of terminal-deoxynucleotidyl transferase mediated d-UTP nick end labeling (TUNEL). Immunohistochemistry was adopted to detect the expression of Fas and FasL. Software of pathological analysis quantitated the levels of Fas and FasL. The results showed that as compared with those in the control group, the kidneys in the model group had more severe glomerulosclerosis, much more apoptotic cells and higher levels of expression of Fas and FasL. The degree of glomerulosclerosis, the number of apoptotic cells and the levels of expression of Fas and FasL were reduced by benazepril and valsartan. The combined use of benazepril and valsartan had the best therapeutic effect. It was concluded that benazepril and valsartan could suppress the excessive apoptosis of kidney cells by lowering the expression of the apoptosis-related proteins Fas and FasL, so as to postpone the process of glomerulosclerosis. The combined use of benazepril and valsartan has better therapeutic effect.

Benazepril was safe and tolerable when applied in hypertensive patients.

Benazepril increases the microvessel density and collateral flow, promotes the creation of collateral circulation in ischemic area, but captopril has not such effects.

Benazepril hydrochloride is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor. Previous clinical trials show that antihypertensive treatment with benazepril provides effective blood pressure (BP) control and is generally well tolerated by patients with hypertension. However, the long-term antihypertensive effects and tolerability of benazepril remain to be established in Chinese patients with hypertension.

The study was a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial. A total of 162 dogs with New York Heart Association (NYHA) class II-IV heart failure caused by chronic valvular disease (CVD) or dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) were enrolled. Benazepril (minimum dosage, 0.25 mg/kg) or placebo were administered orally once daily for up to 34 months. In this paper, we report results of plasma alanine aminotransferase (ALT), creatinine, potassium and urea.

Benazepril was well tolerated during long-term therapy in dogs with CHF and no specific precautions appear to be necessary regarding plasma ALT, creatinine, potassium or urea. The possible action of benazepril in improving renal function (evidenced via lower plasma creatinine) merits further investigation.

To study the effect of the Compound of traditional Chinese drugs and Benazepril on gene expression of renal endothelin and its receptor of experimental diabetic nephropathy(DN). To discove the mechanism of the compound of traditional Chinese drugs in treating DN.

Streptozotocin DN model was built and influenced with the compound of traditional Chinese drugs and Benazepril. The changes of Upro, Glu, HbA1C and (PT-PCR) mRNA expression levels of ET-1, ETA-R of the renal cortex were tested, and thus the histopathological character of the kidney was analysed.

The compound of traditional Chinese drugs and Benazepril have significant difference from normal saline in the improvement of Upro, Glu, HbA1C. The compound of traditional Chinese drugs have significant difference from Benazepril in the improvement of Glu, HbA1C. The mRNA expression level of ET-1, ETA-R of the renal cortex of DN model was raised. After influenced by the compound of traditional Chinese drugs and Benazepril, the over-expression level de-creased (still higher than normal control ones). The compound of traditional Chinese drugs were more effective than Benazepril to inhibit the proliferation of the stalk region and the third cells.

ET takes part in the process of diabetic glo-Merulosclerosis. Both the compound of traditional Chinese drugs and Benazepril can influence the expression quantity from the level of gene transcription of ET and its receptor. The compound of traditional Chinese drugs can not only reduce urinary albumin of DN, but also improve blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglubin. And it can inhibit nonenzymatic glucosylation of protein as well as the proliferation of the stalk region and the third cells.

Both benazepril and amlodipine were similarly effective in reducing systolic blood pressure (SBP) (-17.6 mmHg with benazepril and -19.8 mmHg with amlodipine; P<0.001 versus placebo), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (-11.1 mmHg, -13.2 mmHg, respectively). Combination therapy produced greater reduction in SBP/DBP values (-28.3/-20.5 mmHg; P<0.001 versus placebo, P<0.01 versus benazepril and amlodipine). Benazepril monotherapy significantly decreased plasma PAI-1 activity (-8.4 IU/ml, P<0.05) while it did not influence t-PA activity (+0.02 IU/ml). Amlodipine monotherapy produced a significant increase in t-PA activity (+0.27 IU/ml, P<0.05) while it did not influence PAI-1 activity (+0.8 IU/ml). The amlodipine/benazepril combination produced both a significant decrease in plasma PAI-1 activity (-8.7 IU, P<0.05) and a significant increase in t-PA activity (+0.26 IU/ml, P<0.05).

The disposition and effect of benazepril and its active metabolite, benazeprilat, were evaluated in cats using a pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic model. Cats received single 1 mg/kg doses of intravenous 14C-benazeprilat and oral 14C-benazepril.HCl, and single and repeat (eight daily) oral administrations of 0.25, 0.5 and 1.0 mg/kg nonlabelled benazepril.HCl. The pharmacokinetic endpoints were plasma concentrations of benazepril and benazeprilat, and recovery of radioactivity in faeces and urine. The pharmacodynamic endpoint was plasma angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity. Benazeprilat data were fitted to an equation corresponding to a single-compartment model with a volume equal to the blood space (Vc = 0.093 L/kg). Within this space, benazeprilat was bound nonlinearly to ACE, which was mainly tissular (89.4%) rather than circulating (10.6%). Free benazeprilat was eliminated quickly from the central compartment (t1/2 approximately 1.0 h; Cl approximately 0.125 L/kg/h), elimination being principally biliary ( approximately 85%) rather than urinary ( approximately 15%). Nevertheless, inhibition of ACE was long-lasting (t1/2 16-23 h) due to high affinity binding of benazeprilat to ACE (Kd approximately 3.5 mmol/L, IC50 approximately 4.3 mmol/L). Simulations using the model predict a lack of proportionality between dose of benazepril, plasma benazeprilat concentrations and effect due to the nonlinear binding of benazeprilat to ACE. For example, increasing the dose of benazepril (e.g. above 0.125 mg/kg q24 h) produced only small incremental inhibition of ACE (either peak effect or duration of action).

Albuminuria and hypertension are predictors of poor renal and cardiovascular outcome in diabetic patients. This study tested whether dual blockade of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) with both an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor (ACE-I) and an Angiotensin-II receptor blocker (ARB) is superior to either drug alone in type I diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy (DN). A randomized double-blind crossover trial was performed with 8-wk treatment with placebo, 20 mg of benazepril once daily, 80 mg of valsartan once daily, and the combination of 20 mg of benazepril and 80 mg of valsartan. Twenty type I diabetic patients with DN were included. At the end of each treatment period, albuminuria, 24-h BP, and GFR were measured. Eighteen patients completed the study. Placebo values were: albuminuria [mean (95% CI)], 701 (490 to 1002) mg/24 h; BP [mean (SEM)], 144 (4)/79 (2) mmHg, and GFR [mean (SEM)], 82 (7) ml/min per 1.73 m(2). Treatment with benazepril, valsartan, or dual blockade significantly reduced albuminuria and BP compared with placebo. Benazepril and valsartan were equally effective. Dual blockade induced an additional reduction in albuminuria of 43 % (29 to 54 %) compared with any type of monotherapy, and a reduction in systolic BP of 6 (0 to 13) mmHg and 7 (1 to 14) mmHg (versus benazepril and valsartan, respectively) and a reduction of 7 (4 to 10) mmHg diastolic compared with both monotherapies. GFR was reversibly reduced on dual blockade compared with monotherapy and placebo. All treatments were safe and well tolerated. In conclusion, dual blockade of the RAS may offer additional renal and cardiovascular protection in type I diabetic patients with DN.

Eighty-nine patients with essential hypertension and 102 normotensive subjects were included in this study. All subjects were genotyped by polymerase chain reaction for the insertion/deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin-converting enzyme gene. Blood pressure was measured before and after taking Benazepril 10 mg, once daily, for 2 months.

Uninephrectomized Spraque-Dawley rats were used to induce diabetes by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (65 mg.kg-1). Benazepril (10 mg.kg-1) was given daily by gavage from the next day of the induction to diabetes for 12 weeks. Apoptosis was evaluated by means of terminal-deoxynucleotidyl transferase mediated d-UTP nick end labeling (TUNEL). Flow cytometry and immunohistochemistry were used to detect the expression of Fas and Fas-L.

The angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are widely used in the management of essential hypertension, stable chronic heart failure, myocardial infarction (MI) and diabetic nephropathy. There is an increasing number of new agents to add to the nine ACE inhibitors (benazepril, cilazapril, delapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, pentopril, perindopril, quinapril and ramipril) reviewed in this journal in 1990. The pharmacokinetic properties of five newer ACE inhibitors (trandolapril, moexipril, spirapril, temocapril and imidapril) are reviewed in this update. All of these new agents are characterised by having a carboxyl functional groups and requiring hepatic activation to form pharmacologically active metabolites. They achieve peak plasma concentrations at similar times (t(max)) to those of established agents. Three of these agents (trandolapril, moexipril and imidapril) require dosage reductions in patients with renal impairment. Dosage reductions of moexipril and temocapril are recommended for elderly patients, and dosages of moexipril should be lower in patients who are hepatically impaired. Moexipril should be taken 1 hour before meals, whereas other ACE inhibitors can be taken without regard to meals. The pharmacokinetics of warfarin are not altered by concomitant administration with trandolapril or moexipril. Although imidapril and spirapril have no effect on digoxin pharmacokinetics, the area under the concentration-time curve of imidapril and the peak plasma concentration of the active metabolite imidaprilat are decreased when imidapril is given together with digoxin. Although six ACE inhibitors (captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, quinapril and ramipril) have been approved for use in heart failure by the US Food and Drug Administration, an overview of 32 clinical trials of ACE inhibitors in heart failure showed that no significant heterogeneity in mortality was found among enalapril, ramipril, quinapril, captopril, lisinopril, benazepril, perindopril and cilazapril. Initiation of therapy with captopril, ramipril, and trandolapril at least 3 days after an acute MI resulted in all-cause mortality risk reductions of 18 to 27%. Captopril has been shown to have similar morbidity and mortality benefits to those of diuretics and beta-blockers in hypertensive patients. Captopril has been shown to delay the progression of diabetic nephropathy, and enalapril and lisinopril prevent the development of nephropathy in normoalbuminuric patients with diabetes. ACE inhibitors are generally characterised by flat dose-response curves. Lisinopril is the only ACE inhibitor that exhibits a linear dose-response curve. Despite the fact that most ACE inhibitors are recommended for once-daily administration, only fosinopril, ramipril, and trandolapril have trough-to-peak effect ratios in excess of 50%.

To evaluate the efficacy and safety of Benazepril used among the essential hypertensives.

1 831 essential hypertensive patients aged 35 to 75 were randomly selected from a community and followed for 18 months. The level of blood pressure, status of taking Benazepril and side effects were sequencially collected.

1/3 of the patients had taken antihypertensive drug before the study and the rate of compliance was over 96%. The effective rate of Benazepril was 73.6% at three months and increased to 84.7% at 18 months. Comparing with the baseline data, SBP and DBP declined 10.8 mmHg and 6.7 mmHg respectively. The rate of side effect was 22.7%. Cough was most commonly seen among side effects. The peak of first recording on side effect occurred at three months including 60% of them mild.

Results showed that Benazepril had good efficacy and safety for the essential hypertension patients in a long-term observation.

Captopril, enalapril, and lisinopril are angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors widely prescribed for hypertension and heart failure. Cutaneous side effects of captopril include angio-edema, anaphylactoid reactions, maculopapular eruptions, pitiryasis rosea-like rash, toxic erythema, and exfoliative dermatitis. Some of the immunological captopril-induced cutaneous adverse reactions have been diagnosed in recent years by patch tests. A case of a cutaneous immune adverse reaction to captopril with tolerance to enalapril and lisinopril demonstrated both by patch tests and double-blind challenge tests is reported for the first time. A 71-year-old nonatopic woman suffered a generalized pruriginous maculopapular rash. Two months earlier, she had started oral treatment with captopril 50 mg t.i.d and glibenclamide 5 mg daily. After the rash appeared, she stopped both drugs and the reaction cleared. A skin biopsy from one of the lesions showed perivascular lymphocytic infiltrate of the upper dermis. Skin prick tests with captopril and glibenclamide and patch tests with enalapril, lisinopril, and glibenclamide at 1% and 10% pet., and with mercaptobenzothiazole (a sulfhydryl group-containing chemical at 1% pet were negative. Only patch tests with captopril at 1% and 10% concentrations were positive at 48 h. Oral double-blind challenge tests with glibenclamide, enalapril, lisinopril, and placebo showed good tolerance. The patient was advised to avoid only captopril. Because captopril is the only ACE inhibitor containing a sulfhydryl group and has occasionally been implicated in complex immunological diseases, this chemical group has been considered the culprit of allergic reactions to captopril. The lack of cross-reactivity between captopril, enalapril, and benazepril has been demonstrated in a few patients by patch tests. In our patient, patch tests identified captopril as the drug responsible for a probably immune adverse reaction not due to the sulfhydryl group. Patch tests are useful and safe in the diagnostic work-up of allergic drug reactions and in studies of cross-sensitivity among ACE inhibitors.

Benazepril therapy as a component of antihypertensive treatment of persons with chronic renal insufficiency initially costs money, but investment costs are recouped quickly and return on investment continues to grow. The impact of end-stage renal disease on patient health and healthcare costs is great. Thus, the quality-adjusted survival benefits and overall cost savings seen in benazepril recipients over a prolonged period (2 to 7 years) indicate that the strategy of prescribing benazepril to reduce progression of renal disease in patients with renal insufficiency is both clinically and economically beneficial compared with current antihypertensive regimens without ACE inhibition.

Benazepril plays an important role in down-regulating the expression of TGFbeta1 and decreasing the accumulation of ECM by blocking intrarenal renin-angiotensin system.

It is suggested that there is an interaction between TGFbetaR I and the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. Benazepril can supress the expression of TGFbetaR I in renal cortex.

To explore the intensity of inhibition of Shenkang Injection (SKI) and Benazepril on various ingredients of human glomerular mesangial extracellular matrix (ECM).

Effect of SKI, a herbal preparation for lowering adverse Qi, despelling turbidness, supplementing Qi and activating circulation, and Benazepril were observed by cultured glomerular mesangial cell technique in vitro.

SKI could inhibit the fibronetin, laminin, and type IV collagen of ECM, and the action was dose-dependent. Benazepril could also inhibit the fibronetin and type IV collagen of ECM but was weaker in intensity.

The effect of SKI was superior to Benazepril in inhibiting ECM.

A reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatographic (HPLC) method was developed and validated for the kinetic investigation of the chemical and enzymatic hydrolysis of benazepril hydrochloride. Kinetic studies on the acidic hydrolysis of benazepril hydrochloride were carried out in 0.1 M hydrochloric acid solution at 50, 53, 58 and 63 degrees C. Benazepril hydrochloride appeared stable in a pH 7.4 phosphate buffered solution at 37 degrees C and showed susceptibility to undergoing in vitro enzymatic hydrolysis with porcine liver esterase (PLE) in a pH 7.4 buffered solution at 37 degrees C. Benazeprilat appeared to be the major degradation product in both (chemical and enzymatic) studies of hydrolysis. Statistical evaluation of the proposed HPLC methods revealed their good linearity and reproducibility. Relative standard deviation (R.S.D.) was less than 4.76, while detection limits for benazepril hydrochloride and benazeprilat were 13.0 x 10(-7) and 9.0 x 10(-7) M, respectively. Treatment of the kinetic data of the acidic hydrolysis was carried out by non-linear regression analysis and k values were determined. The kinetic parameters of the enzymatic hydrolysis were determined by non-linear regression analysis of the data using the equation of Michaelis-Menten.

Combination therapy is required in many patients to achieve goal blood pressure (BP). Calcium antagonists are highly effective antihypertensive drugs in a broad range of demographic groups. Yet, higher doses are associated with an increased frequency of lower extremity edema. The purpose of our open label, single-center clinical trial was to evaluate the use of concomitant pharmacologic therapies to attenuate the lower extremity edema associated with dihydropyridine calcium antagonists therapy using a water displacement technique. Forty-seven patients received 5 mg/day of oral amlodipine for a period of 6 weeks after a 4-week wash-out off of all antihypertensive medications to establish baseline BP. They were then randomized to receive either an additional 5 mg of amlodipine, 25 mg of hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ), or 20 mg of benazepril for an additional 6 weeks. Blood pressure determinations and water displacement measurements were obtained at the end of the 4-week placebo wash-out period, after 6 weeks of 5 mg/day of oral amlodipine therapy, and after an additional 6 weeks of 5 mg of amlodipine and randomized drug therapy. Adjusted BP reductions (based on pretreatment BP) were -6.8/-3.8 mm Hg for the 10-mg amlodipine group, -9.9/-8.2 mm Hg for the amlodipine (5 mg)/HCTZ (25 mg) group, and -26.2/-16.4 mm Hg for the amlodipine (5 mg)/benazepril (20 mg) group (P < .0167, group 3 v group 1 diastolic BP, which was statistically significant by the improved Bonferroni method). Seventeen of the 47 patients developed at least a 10% increase in lower extremity edema water displacement in response to 5 mg/day of oral amlodipine therapy (36.2%). Adding 5 mg of amlodipine to a baseline of 5 mg of amlodipine resulted in no net change in lower extremity edema (+58.0 mL,+ 0.6% change, n=5). Adding 25 mg of HCTZ reduced lower extremity edema by a mean of 136.3 mL (-11.1% change, n=4). Benazepril reduced water displacement by 204.4 mL (-14.3% change, n=8). Our pilot study indicates that adding an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor to a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker is the most effective way to not only reduce systolic and diastolic BP but also attenuate lower extremity edema. Due to the inherent daily variability of lower extremity edema, power calculations indicate many patients (n=702, 356 in each group) would be needed to compare the antiedema efficacy of the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor and the thiazide diuretic.

Prescribing trends and the cost of antihypertensive drugs were studied in 300 patients attending an internal medicine clinic. Beta-blockers were the most frequently used group of drugs (46.7%), followed by calcium-channel antagonists (34.3%) and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (30%). Diuretics were used in only 13.2% of the prescriptions. Atenolol (36%), amlodipine (29.3%) and enalapril (19%) were the most frequently used individual drugs. Propranolol, furosemide, amlodipine and atenolol were the least expensive drugs used, with annual drug acquisition costs of Rs 80, 102, 182 and 318, respectively. Benazepril (Rs 1778), diltiazem SR (Rs 1777), lisinopril (Rs 1660), prazosin (Rs 1416) and losartan (Rs 1365) were the most expensive drugs in terms of annual drug acquisition costs.

