The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) plays a key role in the pathophysiology of arterial hypertension as well as in more complex mechanisms of cardiovascular and renal diseases. RAAS-blocking agents like angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor blockers, have long been key components in the treatment of essential hypertension, heart failure, diabetic nephropathy, and chronic kidney disease, showing benefits well beyond blood pressure reduction. Renin blockade as the first step of the RAAS cascade finally became possible in 2007 with the approval of aliskiren, the first orally active direct renin inhibitor available for clinical use and the newest antihypertensive agent on the market. In the last decade, many clinical trials and meta-analyses have been conducted concerning the efficacy and safety of aliskiren in comparison to other antihypertensive agents, as well as the efficacy and potential clinical use of various combinations. Large trials with cardiovascular and renal endpoints attempted to show potential benefits of aliskiren beyond blood pressure lowering, as well as morbidity and mortality outcomes in specific populations such as diabetics, heart failure patients, and post-myocardial infarction individuals. The purpose of this review is to present the currently available data regarding established and future potential clinical uses of aliskiren.

Cardiac allograft vasculopathy (CAV) remains a leading cause of mortality after heart transplantation (HT). Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) may retard the development of CAV but have not been well studied after HT.

This study tested the safety and efficacy of the ACEI ramipril on the development of CAV early after HT.

Ramipril does not slow development of epicardial plaque volume but does stabilize levels of endothelial progenitor cells and improve microvascular function, which have been associated with improved long-term survival after HT. (Angiotensin Converting Enzyme [ACE] Inhibition and Cardiac Allograft Vasculopathy; NCT01078363).

